- Today, I'm going home earlier than usual.
I did a good job.
I'm not going to move on to my circle.
They say I look like a happy man, not disdainful, just sure of him.
A man with money and friends.
I'm tall and healthy.
I have on my face the expression that easy success gives, like the art of earning money.
I have an easy relationship with money.
I've been married for 10 years.
My wife is a very good family.
She was bored at home.
She seemed so in line with my ideas that I did not hesitate and succumbed to her charms.
My friends said I was very in love, and I said it first.
We're in love at least once in his life.
Love before had been a tedious idea.
After our marriage, the circle of our relationships grew.
At least 50 people have learned of our existence.
30 others have pleasure in inviting us, and we invite them as well.
Our dinners are renowned, less than others of course, but our receptions are popular.
It's not like we're bewildering, no!
Those who honor our table are our fellow men.
Men and women fearing emotion, failure even more than fire or war.
- I'll give you the full list:
A deceived husband kills his wife, a woman poisons her lover, infanticide, parricide, virgins raped, blood, tears, death!
That's what we see in the theater!
- There are real woes in our lives...
- I'm looking at my wife, her quiet eyes, this smooth forehead.
Gabrielle may be paler, but this paleness has always been an attraction.
I'm proud of what she is: immutable.
She was like that 10 years ago.
She had the same impassability.
It's a horror!
It's like being in her nightmares.
- I dream of very stable things, with strangers who love me.
- I trust Gabrielle.
She's not lying.
I know his thoughts, even the most secret.
- I never repeat what a stranger told me!
I'll keep it for myself.
A priori, he didn't tell me so I could repeat it.
- A stranger is impossible.
- What does "know someone" mean?
Who knows who?
The others are mysteries.
A doubt that thickens is fatigue.
John, for example, is a fortress.
- Not Gabrielle.
Not Gabrielle.
- What, Gabrielle?
It is not necessary to know each other to experience the pleasure of being together.
I have no appetite for all these secrets.
John is my only knowledge, and that is enough for my existence.
I'm fine with you, and I think you should settle for it.
Or you'll be suspended.
Idealistic, sentimental, and furious, is that a lot for a person?
- One day, to give free rein to his personality,
Gabrielle took care of philanthropic works.
I was interested in politics.
Thanks to a man of letters, a parent of a count, I financed a paper that was going to go bankrupt.
A newspaper with no convictions.
This paper started to make a big deal.
It was also a very good deal.
- He said something...
- Francis?
- He's tired of playing, isn't he?
- No one has to play here.
We're playing in the right houses.
Did he tell you that?
- He doesn't talk to me any more.
He must be afraid to spread out.
He must have made a secret here that he regrets.
- Some artists started visiting us.
Our Thursdays have become famous.
Journalists have come.
- Why would his attitude be related to you, to this house?
- The editor.
I need to talk to you about him.
- Is it important...
- I don't like him.
He's sitting and talking for hours with a smile...
He also writes verses.
He's a fool.
I don't blame him.
Francis didn't say that.
He said it was all played.
I remember.
"It's all played!" Those are his words.
He also wanted a disease on the terrace.
But not too fast, he wants to finish it, but before he wants to meditate on his mistakes, he wants to make some kind of inventory.
- Would a saint make mistakes?
- He's not.
- "Inventory"!
Has he spent one night at his house for the last 20 years?
- When you're so clear-sighted, how can you stand going out so far?
- I'm leaving...
- Farewell!
- If every exit makes us make a mistake...
- They're waiting for me at the Martineaus.
- How's Martineau's?
- They're people of the world.
- Aren't we all?
- Some more than others.
You may never go.
- If you go, we'll be fine.
Don't worry.
- Francis stopped coming to your house or to the Castel-Blanchet first?
- I'd hate to be the first.
- It doesn't look like anything to come here every other time.
- He doesn't know if he loves us...
- Francis doesn't like anyone.
It's easy to be a saint.
- It's our love that does what we are.
- How can we not like it?
- Don't know his heart...
One day yes, one day no.
That's terrible.
- He's hiding.
His stiffness, his intransigence, all that some admire him for.
- He's hiding in the eyes of the world.
- The varnish cracks.
You must never hide your true nature.
- We all have things to do.
Some do it faster than others, and then they collapse.
- Did I tell you about my meeting with Gabrielle?
It was years ago...
We were climbing a sloping lawn.
Guests were scattered in the sun.
Colorful umbrellas passed between the trees.
It was a really nice day.
Everything was predictable and successful.
The women were wearing clear toilets.
Men smiled in black clothes.
On that day, it was as in the tales: an enchanted garden where flowers smile at knights.
- Madam's not home.
- An atmosphere of serenity was widespread on the stage.
I understood, in this security, that happiness belonged to the whole of humanity, and that I, too, wanted to possess a little of that splendor.
On that day, Gabrielle was crossing a meadow.
I saw her and told myself that everything had to succeed in a world that contained such a charm.
I wanted to have taken on this world, get all the satisfaction possible.
This brutal desire suddenly seemed to me to be the noblest of aspirations.
I looked at if we were being watched, and suddenly I was inspired.
I talked to him, I asked him for his hand.
And I married her.
That was 10 years ago.
Gabrielle isn't any of them.
I love him as a collector cherishes his most beautiful object, the one whose discovery was the only reason for his life.
Over time, we managed to get to know each other well enough for practical needs.
We don't need privacy.
My desire is soothed.
He's become a habit.
I demand that we sleep in the same room.
I don't need adventures. I just need two contiguous beds with two night tables, and Gabrielle sleeps next door.
After we die, let her stay in her grave next to the...
What a idea to write to me when she knows I'm coming home for dinner.
It's a little ridiculous, isn't it?
- You've got mud here.
It's awful to see.
What's that silence?
Remorse?
Fear?
What about that letter?
- It's a mistake.
- A mistake?
Three lines of nothing at all...
Go, write so that you don't go back, and yet you do.
We don't tell you what to do.
You're barely returning your mail.
I barely have time to understand everything!
You haven't used me to so much madness.
- There's nothing more to say.
That was honest.
- Where's honesty in all this?
When did you start being honest?
Why are you here?
Are you still honest?
- There's nothing to know.
I couldn't do it.
- I have the law for me.
If you were dead again.
At least I'd hear some condolences.
It's a situation we know.
No, you're coming back.
It's very humiliating, Gabrielle.
Why did my wife, a cultivated person, a wife, leave me, abandon everything?
Respect, comfort, peace, decency, everything!
And why?
For love?
That's a joke.
There's no love in there.
Tomorrow, everyone will know you're gone, and why of course.
The servants will know tonight.
My wife's a monster, and I'm an idiot.
In the end, I don't know anything about you.
What a horrible place.
Yet, I say it.
I could be of great help to you. I'm ready to listen to you.
Would it be comforting for you that we were talking about it?
That we were talking about him?
We're going from surprise to surprise.
I saw myself hit to death earlier.
But when I see you, I know how to be on the right side.
You must suffer a lot.
It's hard to see.
Would you like a glass of water?
I was just thinking... are we getting too much?
It crossed my mind for a moment.
How else can we do that?
Do we have habits that are disproportionate to other people in our circle?
All those men who hang out in your skirts.
After asking the question, I know the answer.
We're just doing what we have to do.
Come closer.
Let's talk.
It's important that you tell me what you did.
You won't tell me who that is, of course.
Just tell me... where everyone was.
What did you say?
Things like that are useful.
It's nothing morbid.
- If I wrote to you, it's not to talk to you.
I don't know how to talk to you.
- Of course you can talk.
You're thinking about the situation, your appointment.
Maybe the shame is slipping into you.
There's probably been something going on between you guys before.
You didn't go on a head start.
Where was everyone?
Who had the idea of what?
The day the idea came...
Was it on a date?
When you left, surprised by the love you felt?
Is it an outcome or just an idea like that?
He said something terrible, and you're back, right?
Or he forgot you had to come.
He smiled at you, he was happy to see you.
He saw that you were asking...
You wouldn't be the first one to whom these painful proquos are coming.
I thought you were smarter.
Your neck roosts so nicely when you're nervous.
Your skin is the reflection of each of your thoughts.
We can follow your life on these tiny veins.
You can see them sometimes, even the blood beat is striking.
Some women never change colour.
Their skins don't reflect anything, not even light.
One of your friends is white like this, like a horrible candle.
Did I tell you that blood at your temples was important?
Counted.
What should I say?
And you'd be absolute?
Here we are, and I have all my time to follow your thoughts and actions!
How far have you been?
What did you do?
What brought you back?
- And the other one, what did he expect?
- When I wanted to find him, I wrote to you.
- So you've been with him a lot?
This letter isn't what you did worst.
The worst part is that I'm back.
- The temptation, Gabrielle, don't excuse anyone.
But there are weak people, and then there are envious people and fools.
I have nothing to do with this horrible situation.
But... nothing is irreparable.
Anyway, I forgive you.
- Stop.
Are you crazy?
Enough!
- Enough!
Drink this!
- You're crazy.
- Let's go to dinner, and you'll go to sleep.
Tomorrow...
- It's as far as yesterday.
- You need a good cry.
I'll wait for you for dinner.
No one should suspect, not even the servants.
Do we agree?
I'll wait for you.
It's already late, you know.
- You can just serve us, you know.
Just serve us.
You're dedicated, but you don't have to go into my life.
Why do you want to go in there?
Did you see the slightest hand stretched out?
- Come on!
- What do you think of the gentlemen who come here, who are around us so often?
- Around us?
- Have you noticed?
They come, they put their eyes on us, and we have to look at them.
Give them back their eyes...
Smile, no, of course.
I hope you're not smiling.
What a sweetness in you.
Why don't I have it?
Maybe so, when I'm very tired.
When you want less things, it's easy to be softer.
No?
Give me your hand.
How could he only look at me?
I have always avoided people like him, those people with hot hands, the voices that betray them. So many emotions in them...
Those who act like everything really concerns them.
Why did I see him?
I was very happy once.
I know that, 'cause I've been a second time.
I didn't understand the first time.
Have you ever been happy, Yvonne?
- Certainly, ma'am.
- You're gonna tell me.
Who gave you that happiness?
You were at our house already?
Do I know him?
- I don't know.
Happy, thanks to a man's love?
Because if that's it, I'm not sure.
I mean, if someone's ever given me happiness, I don't know...
Maybe I gave more than I received.
But I don't figure out who did what either.
I wouldn't like to be like that.
- You think we never know who does what, actually?
That fog's not bad, it's smart.
No one says thank you or enough.
Not a word anywhere.
It's good to talk to you, Yvonne.
I should have done it sooner.
So close, so precious, and I didn't know.
- I thought the lady was really asking a question.
Maybe you're making fun of yourself.
- That's right, you found it.
You think like sir.
You read his thoughts, maybe.
You look like you're missing in front of him.
There's too much to read, isn't there?
Admit it.
The first time I was happy...
I couldn't have taken the cabriolet, otherwise nothing would have happened.
But now I had time.
And I met him.
Help me...
I'm very hungry.
It's hard to eat in front of someone who doesn't want to.
Maybe he can force himself.
You'll offer him some broth.
I'll take some to accompany her too.
- You're talking about your actions in a funny way.
Speak, Yvonne.
Yvonne, what a lovely name for such a petty soul.
No one ever knows how it all goes.
Yvonne doesn't turn into a flower, just a spy.
And Mrs. Hervey doesn't go to the end.
She's shutting down.
Did she think of anything today, Mrs. Hervey?
But the next minute, she was walking the other way.
We always come back very quickly from where we went, don't we?
What time did I leave?
- At 3:30 p.m., ma'am.
- 3:30, yes.
It was the right time.
What time did I get home?
- At 7:00.
- That's right.
It was short.
Give me a bath, it'll cut my appetite.
- You live, ma'am, in a house where people love you.
Your life matters to us, and you talk like someone who's gone.
Do you think this whole thing happened without us seeing anything?
We know everything that's going on.
- Sir's kindness to keep his door open to all kinds of people.
He didn't see why he should close his door.
He'll shut up now, of course.
Because a gentleman coming here didn't follow the rules.
Madam is not responsible.
This gentleman played.
- It was when I came back from the church that I met him.
I've never really talked to him before.
He wasn't comfortable.
I liked to see him in embarrassment.
I started to suffer when I noticed he never laughed at anything.
Why at some point did I notice he never laughed?
And not before?
This pain was the beginning of my love.
But I didn't know yet.
Everything takes so long.
I don't feel so fast.
I'm happy less quickly, too.
It's funny, when I think about it, all the time it took me.
Seven months.
Two seasons.
And today, a departure and a return.
Come back, I know how to do it very quickly.
I ran.
I ran.
- You must think about the other time you were happy.
Good idea.
But this time isn't for you.
Where is he?
- Who, ma'am?
- I can't hear it anymore.
Go check it out.
Go check it out right now.
Leave me alone.
- Surprise and erasure blinded me, earlier, when you came back.
I'm not going back to what I said.
Anyone would have acted that way.
But here it is, it's all over.
This morning, at the same table, we were having lunch, now we're having dinner.
What happened in the meantime must be forgotten, like those things that happen only once.
Like death, for example.
I looked for what looked like that moment in my life before.
Well, nothing.
It's not without interest.
Are you listening to me, Gabrielle?
Gather your minds.
You've tested our nerves enough for today.
And then, forgive me, but there's the other one, this man who's connected to us now.
What's he doing here?
What does he think?
Who did he open up to?
I'm not even asking you who it is.
The question is:
Do we rely on an absolute silence of the gentleman or will he harm you with your friends?
To the truth, I think this man, if he is a man of the world, will be mute.
But your daughters who live crumbs of your life, a little thought will pass through their heads.
I don't know how you recruited them, but they'll tell everyone who's waiting for them at the office door.
How can we present this burning case?
Drink some wine.
I don't like that color on your cheeks.
- Remember?
You were so sure of yourself when you chose me.
No?
You looked like you've been thinking about everything.
I remember.
I thought nothing could happen to me.
As you were sure, I was, too.
And then you left me alone almost immediately after our wedding.
It took me a while to see that I was alone.
You never came to me.
- You betrayed me out of disappointment?
What a disappointment it is to say it!
Does this man know?
Probably, right?
Everything is really better than expected, finally.
The new Gabrielle is born and she throws herself in the arms of the first come!
Wasn't the one who was suffering in silence more beautiful, more impressive?
Honestly.
Look at you.
We don't win the change.
- When I figured out how you were, why didn't I become like you?
I should have.
Why didn't you get me to give up everything with you?
Why didn't you really poison me?
Why didn't you kill me, really?
Let's talk!
Is it for each of us to live with an enemy?
I can very well live here with you. You won't be my enemy.
You won't hurt me.
I couldn't have come back otherwise.
I don't regret my life with you.
She brought me to him.
Without you, he doesn't exist.
My life with you has designated him.
I even thought he was at your command.
I even imagined you chose him.
He's your editor.
- I beg your pardon?
I'm hungry, aren't you?
Yeah, no, a little?
- The first time I really talked to him, I thought the same things as you.
The exact same words came to mind.
Two of your words.
- Oily, for example?
Oily and revanchard.
These are your words on the first day he came to our house.
We both remember that.
His life wasn't happy, I think.
He wipes his forehead all the time, even in private.
Sometimes it stops.
His hands don't tremble as he leans toward me, his mouth is strong.
I want her to make me disappear.
And I'd like to flow into him like blood.
Thank you.
- Is there anything we need to tell our friends?
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Shouldn't we prepare a joint statement?
Decide what will happen to the ears of the world.
- You're right.
It's one thing we can do together, find this.
- My veins are barely visible, have you noticed?
Very sharp, on the other hand, on the edge of the shirt and then, nothing.
That's probably why I like yours so much.
The question, of course, is:
What did he like about you?
Let me go, let me go, I'll figure it out.
Your hardness with people, that hardness you don't need.
Who do you really need?
Who's really needed by Mrs. Hervey?
You had to hang out before you noticed it.
He, waving like a beautiful devil in my living room, and you, back, profile, never looking at him.
And all this for months, right?
What a beauty the stubbornness of these people!
Can we understand it, the rest of us?
Fry like that, though!
Attack you, my wife, preferably anyone else!
I'd hate to think of him as a bad, stupid man, but I'm surprised.
You don't know?
You won't help me?
Will you tell me if I'm close, if I burn?
That doesn't make any sense, Gabrielle!
I want to believe you're not lying to me, that fat, effeminate fool, aren't you protecting someone else?
Is that him?
Thinking about that face is a vertigo, his eyes crying when he laughs.
At least I want to think about the right thing.
All right?
- It's him, not another.
That was a long time ago.
A week earlier, I had come across him by chance.
That was no longer a coincidence.
I wanted him to hold me in his arms.
I asked him.
I had to persuade him.
Besides, I wanted more.
We're moving on.
Then what?
- We all undressed ourselves.
His body is like I imagined.
A heavy body, a little thick, very white and soft skin.
You can see his veins, too.
His room is very small.
He cried the first time.
- Yes, this man lived an unhappy life.
He will probably have lost self-respect, the notion of situations.
Sometimes unfortunate loves have that effect.
It's all about grief to know what to do with it.
So like voracious children, these people take.
Without even knowing if they're hungry, they eat without appetite.
- I had the right to know love at least once in my life.
- Sure.
I don't understand, since it's a shame that you're naked in front of me.
Why have you been refusing me for so long?
- The idea of your sperm in my body is unbearable.
- And not his?
- I am amazed to see how this desire, this absurd and sad desire, throws an exciting light on everything that affects us.
It's like a move, you have to think about everything.
Maybe this life isn't that complicated.
Your suffering will appease me. You will not fail to suffer.
Every day, I'll make sure you're in trouble.
And then it will dissipate.
I'll see those bad clouds disappear.
Maybe I'll let you know at the time of the end of your torment.
Imagine.
Surprised me, telling you:
"Gabrielle, you're back."
- I understand you're interested in my sadness.
I'm not surprised.
But don't wait for her to disappear.
And if it disappears, I won't let you see it.
You'd see nothing but my pain.
This face of today is the one you will always see.
Do you see the state of my heart on my face?
In the other direction.
Don't tell me your letter. You had "I" in your mouth!
But he's here, you, I know you.
He's the one you should talk to me about!
My wife got in love with a tram driver!
Who is this woman, who lives in my house, so that a man like that...
Actually, he's the one who'd tell me about you.
Go talk to him.
- You're ruining my pleasure!
- He'll listen to you.
And he'll answer you.
- For once we're going to a real concert...
- What have you seen recently?
We like your revulsions.
- You're not always wrong.
Almost...
Just boring, absurd inheritance question, no anger this time.
A clear view always seemed to me better than an existence... that would keep all these promises.
Some promises are so vague.
When we try to hold them, it just hurts us.
You have to know how to choose some dishes when they show up.
Temperance is a virtue that I want to honor.
- We're not honoring.
I think so.
- It looks like you've just discovered this clarity of view, but I've always known you.
Almost.
- You hurt yourself?
- I don't leave it to anyone to do it.
- Is everything okay, Yvonne?
Me too.
I've got something for you guys who like to break your head all day long.
The second time I was happy, but very much, it was when I wrote my letter.
Did you know about the letter?
Well, that's it.
Almost yesterday, isn't it?
Time doesn't matter, I found out.
He does what he wants.
Like all of us.
- My friends!
My friends, dear faithful friends...
Thank you for being here, for never missing our appointments.
We have been with each other for years, and we keep one another from the deepest calamities.
And I never personally wanted another life.
I feel good.
I just wanted to tell you.
I'm fine.
I confirm it.
Madeleine felt I was fine, she'll tell you.
I'm fine.
Here's my secret.
Oh, yes...
Gabrielle thought... think... tell you something.
Maybe now she doesn't think anymore.
She doesn't know anymore, does she?
- Yes, she does.
I think it was a good time, and now it was a bad time.
And I won't risk speaking to all of you when in fact only two of you are involved.
You're mad at me.
And John, the first.
Then we'll wait.
Is that it?
- That's right.
- Your niece, it was a winter wedding, wasn't it?
I never understood why.
It's not as good.
Everything is so confined.
The church, the living rooms, the meals that don't end up...
- May, June, July is better.
- June, July, mostly.
- I don't know.
The cold gave everyone a good look.
Where are you going?
- I'm leaving.
- No.
- Stay!
- Leave me alone.
- It won't end like that.
- Leave me alone!
- I loved you.
I love you, right now I love you.
- You never loved me.
You need a woman, a wife, any woman.
You married a woman I'm not, actually, that's...
I'm sorry sometimes.
- What do you know about what it means?
The day before yesterday, you seemed confused.
How well you were listening.
What's that tone now?
- If I thought you loved me, if I had believed that for a second, I wouldn't have come back.
If I had thought it was important to you, I would never have come back.
When you count for nothing, you can leave and come back, nothing happened, nothing.
It's simple.
We're alone, Jean.
You're just trying to reassure yourself.
Stop.
I knew what we were living together was our salvation.
I knew we had the guarantee of a life without outrage and drama.
I knew... that we'd sleep together in the same sleep.
I wanted it, too, of course, like you.
No one knows how well we've been.
Much more than many others.
Yes, I do.
- Why did you come back?
- I came back because... this other life, or this man... so good,
I'm attracted to...
This other life out there is asking too much of me, Jean.
I don't have enough of my legs, my arms to absorb everything.
My body isn't big enough.
- What a style!
Where the hell are you going to fish all this?
I have to admit, it's got to fall.
At least he didn't contaminated you.
Dear little helpless body...
But what you're talking about here has nothing to do with love!
Love doesn't make you so weird!
You won't train me!
I know how to discern a real feeling of the worst confusion!
- I'm going upstairs.
- I have something to do.
Did you feel pleasure with him?
More fun than with me?
- You never had a pleasure with me?
- It didn't matter so much to us, did it?
- Ten years of common life here in my house...
In this house.
I remember so many things.
The way you walk, the way you called me by my first name, your chest when it rises.
Ten years... they should've calmed down my desire a long time ago.
Of course, I... I mean...
It was... the first five months.
Then there's the habit.
The habit of the person...
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- My wife's silence is mine!
- Stop!
- It belonged to me intimately!
- It's Yvonne.
No, Yvonne.
- Will you help me?
I need...
You left me and then you came back.
I don't understand.
But I can do it, yes.
I disgust myself.
Get out.
The emotion is... disgusting.
You loved me, didn't you?
Well... a little... tell me.
- A long time ago, yes, I told you.
But that's it, that's it.
I don't blame you for not loving you anymore.
A while, yes, but it's gone.
I don't blame you anymore.
Come on.
Come on.
Lie down.
If you come to me now, maybe...
I'll know.
Come on.
- There's no love, is there?
There won't be love, will there?
And you can accept that?
- Not me!
