- Luckily he didn't touch the house.
- Yeah.
You know, there's gonna be a lot of work in June at this mill in Milwaukee.
- I could touch a word about it.
- You can't leave us, Henry.
She needs both of us.
Why don't you stop being his mom's son for once?
I don't want to offend you, but, damn it, you should live your life sometimes.
This woman can take care of her very well.
Oh, good night.
The brothers have been killing each other since Cain and Abel. Frankly, I didn't see him coming.
I've been as bluffed as this old Henry.
Apparently the authorities were as naive as me.
Isn't that right?
and died asphyxiated by smoke.
On the other hand, if they hadn't believed him,
Ed Gain would never have had the opportunity to commit... those awful crimes that made him famous.
And as for us, of course... we wouldn't have had our little movie.
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
I wish I had 20 percent of the rights.
Does the incredible reaction tonight surprise you, Mr. Hitchcock?
No, when I was thinking about shooting "Death in Kits," I was already hearing the screams and laughter.
Any questions, my dear?
What a shame.
Mr. Hitchcock, you made 46 films.
You're the most famous director of the genre...
But you're sixty years old.
Shouldn't you hang up in full glory?
Mohamed had the look that was throwing arrows.
It must have hurt.
Speaking of arrows, did you read the little bits that A.H. Weiler wrote in the New York Times?
He said the pleasure was overrated.
Well, I doubt Mr. Weiler's been happy for a long time.
Hitchcock with "Death in the Kits" reminds me of old, more creative thrillers and also quotes a list of "New Masters of Suspens"
Why are they looking for new ones when the original is still there?
Oh, stop whining, you know that i'm upset.
Stop reading these reviews.
You spent a week on it.
Tell me, dear, do you think I'm too old?
Yeah, you're a real relic.
And more rather corpulent.
You know perfectly how to stir the knife in the wound, don't you?
Between the two shoulder blades.
Your movies taught me how.
By the way, where are you going?
I'm going to have lunch with Whit, and I'll drop you off at the studio later.
Will you join us?
It's just been established that my disproportionate corpulence shouldn't be exposed in broad daylight.
You'll feel better when you find a new project.
Peggy hasn't found you a decent book lately?
Yeah, old stuff to sleep with a regiment.
So what do you think?
Very presentable.
Hurry up, honey, you're swelling like a plum.
- Hello.
- Mrs. Hitchcock.
Mr. Hitchcock.
Gentlemen.
There's a project waiting for you, Hitch.
I promise you.
- I hope so.
Thank you, honey.
- Have a good day.
I'm trampling, Peggy.
I need something new, something different.
With no expensive stars to trim it.
The Fox is offering you Anne Frank's Journal for the third time.
The audience would wait all the way through the movie for Miss Frank to discover the body I hid in the attic.
- You wouldn't agree, would you, Nuncio?
MGM wants to give you Ian Fleming's book, Casino Royale.
Cary Grant.
It's totally your style.
Is she not aware that I've made this movie before?
It's "Death in Kits"!
The style, very expensive, is simply self-plagiarism.
Oh, "scusi"!
It's a nice, nasty little thing.
That's what I need.
I'll see what I find.
- You're all spitting out.
- Yeah.
Hitch always says your privacy might be more entertaining than any of your intrigues.
I'm surprised he let me spend the whole afternoon with you.
All the while knowing you're so beautiful.
So tell me, what are you working on these days?
Me?
I'm just gardening.
Well, it's a damn lucky garden.
all these incessant flatteries make me sick
What are your plans?
I was hoping you'd be able to use your flirty skills on this.
Ah, here we are at last.
Whit, you're a little predictable.
It was by working with you that I had the most fun.
Anything new, my dear?
Nothing at all?
Nothing's right.
Is that water, or should I call Alma?
Do as you can.
Antony Boucher says Robert Bloch's book "Psything" is... "pleasantly interesting."
That sounds pretty horrible.
No one's been mad at it around here.
And what exactly do they want?
The film crew finished the report this morning on Ed Gein, Wisconsin's serial killer?
Oh, yes.
Diagram of violence, voyeurism, transvestination and incest.
Very nice.
Not really the usual barjo, is it?
You're kidding.
Peggy, this is the kid who stabbed his own mother.
- Are you hungry?
- I'm starving.
If you're wise, you'll get 1/2 grapefruit later.
Listen, Hitch.
Yesterday at lunch Whit gave me his last manuscript.
I already have some ideas to make it an adaptation.
It's elegant, sophisticated, and there's a lot of intrigue.
Are you talking about Mr. Cook's book?
It could do the job.
I'll read it later.
You know it contains calories?
Mom?
Mom...
Aren't you cold?
Don't be afraid, Mom.
Oh, my God!
I'd like you to read that passage.
It's going on in the motel bathroom.
Mary began to write, and the bridals moved away when a butcher's knife appeared.
It's the same whiskey that some time later, coupasescris, and his head.
Nice.
Doris Day should make it a musical.
What to make a perfect cheap turnip.
But what if someone who was talented made it into a horror movie?
Think of the shock effect of the death of the main actress in the middle of the film.
So you're intrigued, aren't you, dear?
Come on, admit it.
Admit it!
Actually, I think it's a huge mistake.
You don't have to wait for the middle, kill her after half an hour.
All right.
Peggy, get your couriers here.
- My couriers?
- Right now!
Certainly.
But who are they?
Tell them to start by buying copies of Psychosis
- How much do you want?
All over the country.
Let them do all the points of sale.
I said it, all of you!
Psychosis will be my next movie. I want no one to know the end until I see her in the movies.
Look at this!
Are you sure?
It's not like you.
That's why I do it, my dear.
Ladies and gentlemen of the press,
Hi, I saw you ate the Ed Gein article.
A pretty violent guy, a real story that inspired me Psychosis.
We all have in us a share of repressed violence, and horror.
Fascinating, right?
When the Wisconsin police raided Mr. Gein's farm, they opened the door... and that's it!
They discovered 10 heads of scalped women.
Here, pass through, and look.
Masks made of human flesh, two lips on the window blind.
And also a carafe full of human noses.
Is this really gonna be your new movie, Mr. Hitchcock?
That's good in my intentions, yes, ma'am.
My only wish is for Ed Gein to look more like William Holden than Elmer Fudd.
By the way, taste "cat tongues" are real languages.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Don't say it doesn't matter to you that he didn't read it.
No, I don't.
I'm a big boy, I know how to handle it.
Well, I loved it.
It must be fun to get the equipment together.
Do you really think he's gonna read it?
Now, when we talk about the wolf...
Hitch, I ran all over to find a copy of Psychosis and I didn't find one.
- I wonder why.
Keep looking for me.
Hitch, you should come.
I've seen more gay faces on a bus that unravels a cliff.
But they can't help looking, can they?
The audience likes to be shocked, Barney.
They want something different, and that's it.
Every time you want to do something different, like "The False Guilty" or "Vertigo" someone loses money.
Should we give them something new?
Hitch, you owe a last movie to Paramount.
Can't you do a movie like Death in the Kits again, but for us this time, not for the MGM?
Psychosis.
No one respects Hitchcock's name anymore than the Paramount.
Should I take this as a "NO", Barney?
I mean, you know me, Hitch.
What a jerk!
You know what his parents were in before they built cinemas?
They were grocers.
My father was also a grocer.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
He should show you respect.
They think I lost my hand, Lew.
My association with TV devalued me.
Are you referring to the contract I got you where Bristol-Meyers pays you 29 plates per episode and where you keep the rights?
It's my kind of devalorization.
They keep asking for the same thing.
They put me in a coffin and try to nail the lid.
Hitch, as long as you're your agent, it's never gonna happen.
How much do you think it would cost to make this movie?
$800,000 to take or leave.
You're coming home early.
Actually, it's nice.
I'm a little disappointed you didn't give Whit's book a chance.
Is he disappointed?
But no, he knows you pretty well.
Look at that!
It's high time to change it.
Enjoy the pool, my dear, as long as you can.
Maybe we don't keep her for long.
Why?
Paramount refuses to produce the film.
Oh, Hitch, I'm sorry.
Lev can't find the money.
At least not fast enough.
Then why don't you wait?
No.
I'm gonna have to deal with myself, old lady.
To produce it for ourselves.
Will it be necessary to sell the whole house or only the pool?
I just want to make this movie.
I'll only ask you once and we'll never talk about it again.
Why this movie, Hitch?
It's not because a majority of people told you no, I hope?
Remember how much fun we had in our early days?
We didn't have a round back then, did we?
We didn't have time either, but we took the chances, didn't we?
We've experimented.
We found new ways to make movies, we didn't have a choice.
I want that kind of freedom back.
Like at the time, you know?
We're gonna offer you a new plan for Psychosis.
I'm listening.
We're gonna produce it ourselves.
Hitch sits on his salary.
Paramount just distributes. In return, 40% of the profits are demanded.
Interesting.
But what exactly will Paramount distribute?
Still this movie about the gay killer dressed in his mother's dress?
This film only concerns Alfred Hitchcock's reputation.
- No one says otherwise.
- Barney, it's very simple.
This is Mr. Hitchcock's next movie.
Do you want some or not?
All right, we'll accept the offer.
If you find the money.
We already have the money, Barney.
What order do I make?
If this movie is a failure, Alma, we're gonna shoot the devil by the tail for a long time.
- It'll be beautiful.
- Are you sure?
About the movie?
But as far as you're concerned, not the shadow of a doubt.
- Joe Stefano, nice to meet you.
- Sit down.
Sorry I'm late.
My appointment at the shrink's overburdened.
I see him every day and that's not enough.
I thought it was only for stage assistants.
Not the scriptwriters.
Are you consulting a shrink, Mr. Hitchcock?
I have to tell you, Mr. Stefano, that it's confusing my mind just trying to imagine what you and your therapist are talking about every day.
The usual stuff:
Sex, anger, Mother.
Good morning, sir.
Let's see how you're dressed.
There's only one thing worse than the dentist is the censorship visit.
Whatever's going on, Hitch, don't get carried away.
- See you later.
Ethics will never allow you to show a knife that is thrown into a woman's flesh.
I assure you, Geoffrey, my murders are models of taste and discretion.
Will there be any inconvenient scenes of nudity during the murder in the shower?
She won't be naked, she'll be wearing a shower cap.
We could accept a shot from the outside of the window showing Marion's silhouette above her shoulders.
Thank you.
And the scene with the toilets.
It's essential to show the toilets because Marion Crane is trying to get rid of the evidence.
Some remains will be discovered later by his sister.
These remains, you understand, are clues to his disappearance.
Never did American cinema find it useful to show toilets or even to shoot a flush.
Maybe we should go make this movie in France and use a bidet instead.
Mr Hitchcock, if this committee refuses you the operating visa, and obviously it takes the way, your film will not be released in any cinema in this country.
Would you go on with your jokes if you did?
Everyone hates me in Hollywood.
I make them millions, and every year I make tapestry at these boring gala dinners waiting for at least one person to say, "You're good."
It is with sadistic pleasure that they refuse me this little moment.
That must hurt.
Very bad, Ed, very bad.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
I'm not used to... this situation.
See in me some kind of friend.
It's more and more often that I feel this kind of... impulses.
What kind of impulses?
Very strong.
Here!
At Lazar's, they told me it's crazy to work with you.
Tell Lazar he shouldn't have overexposed his client to TV
It's not like some of you might think about...
- Anthony Perkins.
Think of the duality he could bring in Norman's role.
The anger that could emerge from his pretty little minois the engaging charm that he uses for the step to be unmasked.
What do you mean, Alma, you're suggesting that Mr. Perkins is a little...
Um.
What?
I like your office.
How many times have I been able to see "The Unknown of the North Express"?
And "Corde"?
Well, N.Bates is the transposition of these two characters into this movie.
Attractive, sensitive under the enormous weight of having to pretend to be someone he is not.
I'm sick of all the pink-water stuff that the studios impose on me.
But my only apprehension would be that Norman's role is too familiar to me.
What do you mean?
When I was younger, I was extremely close to my mother.
So close that I remember wishing for my father's death.
And when I was five, that's what happened.
He died of a heart attack.
I've always felt responsible, Mr. Hitchcock.
You know, it gives me light bulbs, just looking at you.
Stop complaining.
A little fresh air and exercise will do you good.
- I'll have a drink.
- No, you have to finish the hedge.
You have to go all the way around, all the way around...
- I can't. I can't do that.
- Yes, you can.
You know, I thought if I could have Grace Kelly as an actress, they'd even acquit me of a murder.
Impossible, she is now Princess which makes her inaccessible.
And all the more desirable!
What about Deborah Kerr?
Lew mentioned it.
No, she's too Scottish.
What about Janet Leigh?
Usually she plays the nice girl, but she was good in the thirst for evil.
Remember how you always noticed her silhouette?
Yeah.
- Good evening.
- Hey.
- Good to see you.
- Nice to meet you.
- Good evening, Janet, how are you?
Nice to see you.
- My dear, you are resplendent.
Beautiful.
In fact, the real secret of how Mrs. Simpson charmed the Duke of Windsor was that she could pass a toothpick for a cigar.
I got so immersed in Marion's role that I almost forgot how we laughed.
- Really?
And now you have to taste this banana cake.
Oh, no, thank you.
I'm watching my line.
Yeah, you're not the only one.
It's okay, no thanks.
Georges, bring this cake!
Actually, two big shares.
Thank you.
Tell me, my dear, how did you prepare the role of Marion Crane?
Well, I wrote a full story about her, a little stupid, I admit, but it helped me a lot.
- That doesn't sound stupid to me.
- Really?
Why don't you tell us one of his most hidden secrets?
Well, she lives a double life.
In the office she puts a cheap perfume.
But as soon as she's with Sam, she has only one idea, it's to open her most expensive bottle.
"My sin" from Lanvin.
- "My sin"?
- Yes.
Oh, my God!
There's a couple of things I feel sorry for,
I'm an actress, but first and foremost a wife and a mother.
And I'd like to know... how are you going to film the shower scene?
Yeah, for you and Shurlock, too.
Actually, I'm not quite a white goose, but...
Let me reassure you, dear, I will film several sequences from different angles.
When editing, nudity will only be suggested, like violence.
We won't show anything.
But it's obvious that knowing you in the shower will only be more exciting.
Excuse me.
Alma, darling, I'm glad to see you.
Oh, good evening Lillian.
You look a little pale to me.
I'm not surprised, considering what your husband's getting ready for.
You certainly don't approve.
Why do you let him do something like that?
Don't get sick, my dear.
It's just a "satane" movie.
I can't believe you could've got Vera Miles in the sister's role.
Since I still have it under contract, I might as well use it.
Not very rewarding as a role, what do you think?
For an ungrateful girl.
Horrible.
The old man is really upset with me, isn't he?
Wait till you see what he got for you.
Well, all I have to do is make a reason:
It's my last movie before I get back to freedom.
I've done a list of positions where we're going to be able to tighten our belt.
Right?
We can all learn the art of restrictions, can't we, Alfred?
The gardeners, once a week, leave the driver on weekends...
No, it's impossible, we're gonna have to find something else.
There's nothing else.
And nothing from Maxim's in Paris anymore.
We can't afford it anymore.
Chasen's foie gras is more than acceptable.
But the geese are from Barstow, not Marseilles.
Yes, we must know how to sacrifice ourselves for the common interest.
Isn't that right, Alfred?
I'll get the knives.
Am I making a terrible mistake?
What if it's a Vertigo bis?
Wait for the first shot, you'll see, you'll be fine.
Are you visible, my dear?
- Hello.
- Hello.
Am I okay?
- Perfect.
- Wow!
- Hello.
- Hello.
Once again, thank you for this opportunity, Mr. Hitchcock.
You can call me "Hitch." Keep the Rooster.
You see, the American's favorite little neighbors.
Yeah, but we're gonna move into a completely different neighborhood.
- Hello, Janet, hello, Tony.
- Hello, Vera.
- Thanks for the Hitch wardrobe.
- Is it okay with you?
You're a genius.
Oh, by the way, something:
The last 10 pages of my script are missing.
No one's gonna get those 10 pages until Alma's done with the corrections.
Just on time for the oath.
- The what?
- The oath.
- Good morning, everyone.
- Hello.
Let everyone raise their right hand.
You too, Vera Miles.
- I solemnly promise... I solemnly promise... not to disclose...
Thank you all very much.
And this is Norman's private sanctuary.
Now, Hitch, explain why I'm watching Marion undress?
I feel like I should be offended.
No doubt Norman was looking at her mother in secret when she was preparing her evening bath.
Yeah, maybe there was a vasista over the door?
To which he had access by going up to a chair, in a stealthy way.
The first naked woman a child sees is usually her mother.
I'm seeing the past again, perpetuating a ritual with Marion?
Don't ask me.
I'm just the man hiding around with his camera.
My camera will tell you the truth. The whole truth.
Hitch, I have a question.
Why is the hole so wide on this side?
It's to see you better, child.
From the best angle possible.
Cut!
I think we should write.
"Scenario of Joseph Stefano and Alma Reville".
Those concerned know that.
Alma, you know everything.
You think this is gonna work?
See you tomorrow.
Hey, stranger.
- Whit!
- Where were you hiding?
Oh, my God!
- I was finishing the corrections to...
- Psychosis.
- Yeah...
- How's the old buddy?
He swims in the happiness of being on the set.
How are you?
A text of 2,000 words to write for Reader's Digest about how a woman married to a guy obsessed with crime feels.
Alma, you deserve a break.
Let's go for a ride to Santa Barbara.
We're going to Emilio's to eat a nice juicy steak.
Mr. Hitchcock, we're waiting for you on set.
- Mr. Hitchcock.
- I'll be right there.
Was there a tail at the supermarket?
No, actually, I got home earlier than I expected.
- A cocktail?
- No, and you shouldn't either.
- I haven't rinsed them yet.
- It doesn't matter.
I spent the day filming John Gavin.
He's pretty good-looking.
But in fact, plywood is more expressive.
I think her love scene with Janet Leigh is the most terrifying moment in the movie.
Even your boyfriend, Mr. Whitfield Cook, would be better off in this scene.
You should tell her yourself, she'd certainly like it.
You know, honey, I've probably been a little too contemptuous about your friend's book.
Maybe he could come over for the weekend with his wife Elisabeth and push me to read it.
Very nice, Elisabeth.
I'd like you to come to the set tomorrow.
Well, I'll see what's going on with my day.
Yes.
You think you can make it, don't you?
But you can't.
You think they don't know, but that's not true.
They know.
You can feel the knot tightening around your fragile little neck.
Yeah, you could return the money discreetly, but what would it prove?
Marion Crane, always so straight, so respectable, so reserved and perfect.
Untouchable and immaculate Miss Crane.
The perfect little angel to his dad.
Now everyone knows the ugly little secrets you were hiding.
Your little dates for lunch with that cute loser, Mr. Samuel Lewis, they're gonna smile around the corner, chat and they're gonna murmuring.
Even your boss, glued up, with a serp-cut face, is capable of feeling the stinging smell of the sex that emanates from you.
It's okay, pack and develop.
Fix it once and for all.
I'm sick of it.
Come on.
Why does it make all this noise?
- How long to fix it?
Come in.
I thought a little date would do you good.
- Oh, that's nice, thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Sit down.
- Thank you.
I guess your husband won't appreciate what just happened.
Oh, who knows, you'd be surprised to hear what Tony and the kids say sometimes.
That's right.
You didn't talk too much to him about your privacy, did you?
No, not really.
Stay there, I advise you.
Why?
First, he makes you change your hairstyle.
Then he wants to choose your clothes, then your friends, and finally how many children you should have.
Do you remember James Stewart's troubled character in Vertigo?
It's Hitch...
Younger, thinner and cuter.
Oh, you think so?
Compared to Orson Welles, he's a child of heart.
- See?
He keeps an eye on it all the time.
- Jack, how much will it take?
- Just five minutes.
We're not going to spend the day.
Why does it burn all the time?
What are you waiting for?
- It's still busy.
Hitch, I'm stuck on Lilia's first scene.
What intensity should I put in the meeting between Sam and the detective?
My dear, just pretend.
You know how to do it.
Where are my corrections?
Come on, do we have to get together to carry a ramp?
- Help them.
- I'll take care of it right away.
It changes everything when the money comes out of our own pocket, doesn't it?
- We'll have lunch later.
- I'll book by 1:30.
- Oh, Whit.
What would I become without you?
- See you later.
- Hey.
Whit, what did you forget to tell me?
Whit?
Whit?
- Mr. Hitchcock...
Photos are needed for press releases.
If we could have at least one!
Get out of my tray, or I'll call security!
Come on, get rid of him.
What a pain in the ass!
Get him out of here!
- Are you okay?
You've got it all.
- Leave me alone.
Stop following me like a dog and serve me a drink.
- It's not 3:00 yet.
- Give me the key to the buffet.
Hi Hitch, what's the status of the movie?
I hear some interesting rumors.
It's miraculous that someone hears something with all the noise coming from Geoffrey Shurlock's offices.
You know, Hitch, I shouldn't be content with rumors.
- It's time to show me rushes.
To see if Paramount will be able to distribute your film.
You know, my contract allows me to decide the final editing.
Your contract also states that the Paramount is not obliged to distribute any film that could cause him harm.
Like the last five films by Martin and Lewis you're so proud of.
I want to see a few rushes, Hitch!
Show them to me now!
Hitch!
You can't imagine how happy it is not to take care of anyone.
At least for two hours.
So, where are we going, Whit?
You didn't tell me.
- I have a little surprise.
Where's your driver?
That's the question I was asking myself.
I can take you back if you want.
Oh, my God, this car is tiny.
What's in there?
- Pralines, my daughters love it.
- Pralines?
I got them in Tony's locker room.
Very good.
I thought you only ate the chocolates from Fauchon's.
I need more when the devil is in command, my dear.
- Luckily, I'm driving.
He's always been obsessed with his stars.
But this time it looks like he's using them against me.
Well, I guess he's like all the great artists.
Unvivable but worth moving.
Did you know that before I was with him, I was his boss?
He waited to be a co-director to ask for my hand.
- Really?
- Humm!
You see this house right there?
- Yes.
- How do you think she is?
- Adorable?
That's a nice location.
- It's mine.
I talked to Elisabeth recently, and she didn't mention it.
She doesn't know, no one knows.
You want to see her?
- Thank you, dear.
- At your service.
- Can I keep them?
- Of course.
- You want one?
- No, thank you.
- That's perfect, thank you.
- Hitch?
What?
What really happened between you and Vera?
Oh, Vera...
She was gonna be the star in Vertigo.
Two weeks before the shooting she told me she was pregnant.
I was going to make her a star, but she chose to be a housewife instead.
I'll never understand their motivations!
Why are they all betraying me?
Oh, very Bohemian.
I rented it for the summer.
To escape from my wife, children and to be able to write.
Whit, I hope you don't get any ideas.
If you really intend to help me adapt my book, I thought this place would be
The perfect hiding place.
Come on, little naughty, calm down.
By the way, I forgot to tell you I read your account of this story,
A taxi to...
Where else, my dear?
- Dubrovnik.
- That's right, Dubrovnik.
- You're interested in my opinion?
- Of course.
There you go.
I'm not going by four paths.
It's archinul.
What do you mean?
First of all, the story is a little confused, don't you think?
Some jokes look strangely like the ones we did a lot better a few centuries ago. In "A woman disappears"
And your wicked lack of character.
It's really missing.
But I think the worst part is the relationship between hero and heroin, you know.
Maybe if you weren't so excited about your boyfriend Whitfield you'd have realized, don't you think?
But I guess women get blind when their feelings take over!
What do you really know about the relationship between a man and a woman?
Oh, my God, what a mess.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Again!
Again!
- Oh, no!
- With the guts!
- Come on, no!
- Oh!
- More anger!
That's enough, cut!
Cut!
Goddamn it!
Get me a proper lining!
Hand me the knife!
Not yet!
Rage out of control!
Homicide violence!
Cut!
Cut and expand!
We got him.
No, not now, Ed.
It's not a good time.
I can't keep this to myself.
Jesus Christ, Hitch, are you okay?
- Can you hear me?
- Alma...
What if Bridget and Constantine entered the cabin at the same time?
If they were trying to enter exactly at the same time?
- For example, reaching the door... they reach the door at exactly the same time.
- They touch each other stealthily.
You start with your hands, then you zoom in on your eyes, and...
Oh, that's a lot better already.
- You're not answering?
- Yeah?
Look, I told Peggy we need to film this scene today.
Where did the delay come from?
We've tried 10 different ways and it's terrible.
No, we have to film in the dive.
You will reveal the great surprise.
Just film it.
How can he hold the camera if he shakes his arms?
Why not just do it from the top of the stairs
What a bunch of fools!
- What are you doing?
- Oh, but...
- You're burning.
I'm burning our money.
That's what we're doing.
We're two days late and I'm stuck in that damn bed.
- Where do you think you're going?
- I have to go back to the set.
- We can't ruin another day.
I'll take care of it.
I wouldn't want to stop you from being with your writing partner.
Stay in bed, Alfred.
- Mrs. Hitchcock.
- Hello.
Where's Mr. Hitchcock?
Don't let my presence stop you from working.
I'm only here to represent one of your two employers.
- What stage number?
Scripts?
All right, have Martin sit down, put the camera in front of him.
We'll film the fall against the green screen.
And, Jack, you have to take a 35 mm lens.
Look, Jack, you know the affection that the Paramount has for Jerry Lewis, but it's on your own, and I'd like you to...
Barney?
Alma!
Do you know David Kirkpatrick?
- Hello.
- Hello.
He's working on Jerry Lewis' next film project, so he has time to give you a hand if necessary.
It won't be necessary.
- But you're three days late!
- Yeah, we can handle it.
Alma, we both know what film it's about.
It would be nice to help Hitch finish it.
Thanks for worrying, Barney, Alas, in Hitchcock's movies, there's only one director.
There's no need to keep your mouth shut.
You forgot to check the bathroom.
A man like you who forgets such an important clue...
What don't you hear here?
My mom always said, "If you want to do a job, do it right!"
Check the ground.
Closer.
Do you still think they're just writing together?
What are you going to do?
Oh, Mrs. Hitchcock.
I heard Hitch was sick, so I brought him a little something.
Oh, that's nice.
Thank you very much.
Pralines.
He's always been very nice to me. It hasn't often been the case with my directors.
Janet, let me just tell you that you've been very professional.
It's been nice.
Thank you.
- Good to see you.
- Me too.
Can I turn it off?
You'll be glad to hear that order has been restored.
And a "thank you" would be appreciated.
We're still two days late and an overrun of $60,000.
I'll cancel the starting pot, save us $2,000 and you won't give in to the temptation of champagne and cakes.
Beware, all men are powerful murderers.
And they have their reasons!
All right, what's this about?
Any time at the beach?
Yeah, that's where Whit and I write, he took a rental.
Not really the perfect place to avoid distractions.
In fact, the place encourages creative collaboration.
I already told you his book was a waste of time.
And then, didn't they say the same thing about Psychosis?
Are you having an affair with Whit?
Don't be ridiculous!
He's doing something new, he needs a little help, that's all.
Oh, what a coincidence.
I'm starting something new I could also use a little help!
And what do you think I did?
Why are you losing whole days with this unqualified mommy son?
Because it's fun.
I'm under enormous pressure from this movie, and you should at least give me your permanent help.
Permanent help?
I mortgaged our house.
Did you forget?
I've contributed so far to all the aspects of this film, as well as to all those you've made for 30 years.
In the first one, it'll be my comments you want.
I'm having a party with you when the reviews are good.
I cry for you when they're not.
I organize your parties and close my eyes to your next-ever adventures with your main actresses.
And when you're going to promote your film around the world, I'll be next to you, or rather slightly behind you, smiling at the press even when I'm about to collapse,
and to make me pleasant to people who won't even see me or push me in the elbow because all they will see is the great genius at the top of his glory, Alfred Hitchcock.
And now that, for the first time in my life, I dare to work on something that isn't Alfred Hitchcock's, I'm being accused and criticized?
The work I do with Whit gives me pleasure and motivation, and doesn't bring you any shade.
So remember, I'm your wife, Alma Reville.
Not one of those blonds that you harass and torment during your very special stages.
So... I think it's farewell time.
Why didn't you stay with me?
I would have made you a star as big as Grace Kelly.
I, unlike Grace Kelly, can get my laundry back at the dry cleaner.
I have a family, Hitch.
That mysterious blonde you've always run after?
It's a fantasy.
It doesn't exist.
There was a time when I thought I understood you.
Understand women.
Alma, I thought you'd be here later.
I thought you rented this place so we could write.
I do.
- You won't talk about it?
- Don't worry, Elisabeth won't know.
I was thinking about Hitch.
Alma, not everyone is a genius.
You have a crazy talent.
After all, we want him to keep his mind open while reading the script.
Don't worry, Whit.
Sheriff, please, I'm worried.
Arbogast said he'd call me as soon as he talked to Mr. Bates.
It was last night.
- Norman's single.
- He said he was with his mother.
Did your investigator see Norman's mother at the motel?
At the top window.
He called me right after she asked him to come.
Bizarre, I think your investigator drank a few too many drinks.
Mrs. Bates died of strychnine poisoning more than 10 years ago.
- Are you sure?
- That body was...
This is my favorite place.
I close the door and make the world disappear.
Don't you ever feel alone here?
I can still talk to my mother.
That's weird.
God, I think we found his hiding place.
This is my mother's room.
This is my mother's room.
You can't go home.
Don't enter my mother's room.
Hitch?
Hitch?
So, what's the verdict?
A three-letter word but not the word "good."
Fuck him.
It's too late for the Paramount to change its mind, whatever Balaban says.
The other solution is to cut it into two parts to make it a Telefilm.
Given the budget and the name of Hitchcock, we have a good chance of falling back on our feet.
Look, I made Jimmy Stewart millionaire with Winchester 73, and it was a turnip.
At least I managed to hold until the end of your movie.
But above all, what does Alma think?
I was afraid you'd blame yourself.
I don't blame myself.
Leigh, how can you have plans if you're not sure?
Whit must have enjoyed writing for Colbert.
How was it on the beach?
Cold and pitiful.
Just like Barney's face.
Poor old Whit.
He's not worth a nail when he doesn't work with you.
Neither do I.
This time, I couldn't make my film.
It's all there, but it doesn't come to life.
I guess there's no other way to say things, huh?
Death-born.
I let you down, my love.
You deserve better.
I'd better go and feed Geoffrey and Stanley.
Come on, kids.
I can't stand both of us being morbid.
I'm done helping Whit finish this little Hitchcock imitation.
You know, there's only one solution to this.
Let's get back to work together.
Actually, I like living in this house pretty well.
So I suggest, for the common good, that we give a form to Psychosis.
You're probably not the easiest man to live, but you know how to make a movie better than anyone.
Except you.
The second socket. Lighting is better on the hands.
Cut on Janet as the car starts to move.
Cut a little bit more.
Oh, my pig, we can see nude here!
She had big tits.
It's hard not to show them.
We'll have to cut those 6 or 7 images where she blinks right after she's supposed to be dead.
Alma, we've watched the movie a thousand times.
She doesn't blink.
- How's it going in there?
Everyone says it's like a dog with fleas.
No, absolutely not!
I don't want music at the crime scene in the shower.
But what we talked about with Alma should really work.
Bernie, it's not Vertigo.
It's not a romantic movie.
The images must do their job.
Yeah, but we don't scare people by just yelling "bouh"!
All right, then do it.
You're the specialist.
Because you know everything, do it!
Take a step back.
- What do you think?
- That I won't take a shower anymore.
- Hitch?
- It's taking a turn.
I saw clearly the knife stroke and the naked body.
What you think you've seen is only the fruit of your imagination.
I guarantee you that when you see the final version with the beautiful music of Mr Hermann...
The music won't change my mind.
You're denied an operating visa.
Geoffrey, could we talk in private for a moment?
Thank you.
Listen.
Can I afford a modest proposal?
If you take the shower scene like this,
I'll do the first love scene again exactly as you want.
In fact, I'll gladly accept your supervision on the set.
According to my instructions?
But of course, my dear friend.
If only the public could perfectly understand how you kill yourself to distract them while sparing them all these disgusting things.
He hasn't stopped harassing you since the announcement of the project. You invite him to the set, and he doesn't deign to come?
What did you tell him?
That I respected him deeply.
Ladies and gentlemen, the case is in the bag.
Thank you all.
- I thought we were gonna refilm?
- The mess is over.
Thank you.
So it wasn't that terrible to work with me, was it?
Not at all.
I hope I've defended the cause well.
Dignified of a trophy, my dear.
I hope you don't mind, I've allowed Mrs. Bates to use your locker room.
No, it's beautiful.
Yes, thank you.
Thank you.
We've got a visa for censorship.
Then we can take the lamb to the slaughterhouse.
Paramount confirmed that they were only going to present the film in two theaters, as we feared.
And no first.
If nobody talks about us, we're done.
Then let's do it right now.
Peggy, take notes.
We're gonna write a manual on how to sell Psychosis.
My first advice to the directors of the halls: Hire Republican guards to monitor the entrances.
There will be risks of riots.
Because Psychosis is so scary and new, that the guards will help you prevent the crowd from going in a spin.
Hang on to our special wall clocks so that spectators know what time to start Psychosis.
Cinema managers were advised not to admit anyone once the session started.
If by chance you had the unconsciousness to enter the room in a soft way, through a rescue exit or by a vasistas, you would be brutally expelled.
More intense, honey.
In order to focus on the inevitable shock that Psychosis will produce, as soon as the word "FIN" appears on the screen, we strongly recommend that you close the stage curtains for 30 good seconds.
By doing so, the horror of Psychosis will indelibly mark the hearts and minds of the public.
With my best feelings, Alfred Hitchcock.
Well, at least there's a lot of people.
We've booked you a few places.
- Go ahead.
- Really?
I'll be with you in a minute.
I'll check the copy. Come on.
All right, honey.
We'll save you a seat, okay?
This way, Mr. Hitchcock.
I just hung up on Balaban.
He congratulates you on the well-deserved and predictable triumph.
As we've always known, ha!
- Can I take my weekend?
Thank you very much.
- Where's Alma?
Alma, come to me.
You know, honey, that could be the biggest success of your career.
Our career.
Alma, I can never find
A blonde at the Hitchcock as beautiful as you.
I've been waiting 30 years for you to finally tell me that.
That's why, darling, they call me the Master of Suspense.
So, kind spectators,
Psychosis ended up becoming one of my best movies, and Alma and I were able to keep the house and her pool.
But you know what they say to Hollywood:
You're not worth more than what your last movie is worth.
So if you'd like to excuse me, I'd better get out of here and start thinking about what my new project will be.
Unfortunately, once again, I feel short of inspiration.
Anyway, I hope there's an idea coming up soon.
Good evening.
