Mrs. Kennedy.
They told me to come by.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Did you read what they're writing?
Krock, Merriman and company.
Yes.
Merriman is so bitter!
It's only been a week and they're already making him a kind of dusty relic.
What about his memory in there?
What do you think we should remember from him?
Let's understand, I'll read this conversation again in case my words don't reflect my thinking.
With all due respect, it's very unlikely.
This will be your personal version of events.
Exactly.
Come in.
I thought the engine had failed.
I almost didn't come.
What if I'd been here, or riding somewhere in Virginia?
Thank God I was with him.
Why this "thank God"?
You know what I think of history.
History?
I've read a lot, more than we think.
The more I read, the more I wonder.
Anything written is necessarily true?
- That's all we got.
- Had.
We've got television now.
And people see for themselves.
Your visit to the White House for CBS was...
You did it to... purposely, didn't you?
Fashion magazines, your Emmy...
I didn't do it for me, but for the American people.
That's where I discovered the White House.
Thank you.
You could have a career as a presenter.
How?
Excuse me?
You were saying?
That you could have a career as a presenter.
Is that professional advice?
I... no.
But the whole country would like to know what you're going to do.
Believe me, not television.
Welcome to the White House.
Welcome to the White House, where we're so proud to live.
So try "the people's house," it's more personal.
Welcome to the people's house, where you're so proud to live.
That's better.
When's Jack coming?
They're interested in you.
They think I'm stupid.
I've been ruining their money for a year.
Then show them what you did.
The president then joins you at the Monroe Lounge.
You'll be amazing.
- Stay close.
You're very beautiful.
This is the White House, from the south lawn.
Mrs. John F. Kennedy shows you the president's house and some restorations she has undertaken.
Mrs. John F. Kennedy, the third youngest wife to live in the White House.
Mrs. Kennedy, thank you for inviting us to visit your official house.
It's from here you're leading the bulk of the restorations.
Yeah, it's both the attic and the cellar.
Since the beginning, hundreds of letters have been received a day.
We evaluate all the findings here, see if we keep them, if our budget allows.
Every first lady and every government since Madison has made changes, big or small.
Before you stick to yours, would you specify your project?
I don't have any, actually, because I think this house will always evolve, and so much the better.
But it's a shame that when we arrived, we found so few things from the past.
So few things before 1902.
Let's imagine now that your committee is acquiring certain items from this room. What will the wife of the next president do when she enters the White House?
My faith, if they don't want it...
In the past they could sell them, throw them away.
What of the taxpayer injured by...
I raised private funds for every dollar of the restaurant.
Adoring this house, I wanted to share it with the American people to witness the greatness of America.
Objects and artifacts last much longer than people and they illustrate important ideas. History, identity... beauty.
Readers would no doubt like to know what it is to be a member of your family.
Imagine a boy in the middle of all this that sees his older brother die in battle and goes to the same war to return as a hero.
People see this boy, who was born rich and privileged, willing to sacrifice everything for his ideals and in the service of his nation.
The kingship, to hear you.
Who says royalty says tradition, and who says tradition says time.
We need a start.
After all, it takes a first day.
This is the East Room like the Americans have known it for 60 years.
You obviously didn't think it was right to make big changes.
No, I think she's lovely.
I hate making changes, too when you find a room like this, it's wonderful.
This piano reminds us that this is the part of the White House dedicated to music.
Right.
This piano, owed to Franklin Roosevelt, is supported by eagles.
And it was here that Pablo Casals played for us, that we set up a mobile scene to give Shakespeare.
Kennedy, this administration has a strong inclination for artists, musicians, writers, poets.
Is it specific to your husband and yourself or is there a link between government and the arts?
It's so complicated!
I don't know.
Everything in the White House must be exceptional.
And if they're American artists we can help, I'm in favour of it.
Otherwise, as long as it's exceptional...
Does your faith help you?
I prefer to evoke my faith with a priest.
You're not clergy, unless you're mistaken.
No.
But a journalist is looking for the truth.
Ah, the truth...
I ended up getting used to the gap between what people believe and what is real.
All right.
I'll opt for a credible story.
I like it better.
You know, I used to be a journalist.
I know what you're looking for.
Excuse me?
One minute a minute story.
That's why you're here, isn't it?
Let me tell you about the noise the bullet made when I hit my husband's skull.
I am very happy to be in this great state of Texas, to be with you and to taste
to the noble Spanish tradition that Dallas has enjoyed so much.
This tradition was born 100 years before the colonization of Massachusetts, my husband's state.
All this tradition remains alive and strong.
Is that the sound of birds?
Not exactly.
It must be the ocean.
- Ready?
- You bet.
I love the crowd.
Mrs. Connelly.
Welcome to Dallas, my dear!
What a welcome!
The car procession is endless.
Fever, madness, like in Mexico City or Vienna.
The sun hit us in the face, and I couldn't put on my glasses.
Jack has a hand outside and I see a piece of his skull loosening.
Color flesh, not white.
It collapses on my knees, I have blood and brains on me.
And I say, "Jack.
"Jack, can you hear me?
"Jack, I love you!"
His face was so beautiful, his mouth was beautiful, his eyes were open.
I was trying to keep the top of his skull.
Let everything stay in it.
There was a beautiful expression on his face.
Just before we asked him a question, just before he answered... he seemed perplexed.
I knew he was dead.
Mrs. Kennedy...
Don't think for a moment that you'll publish this.
Do you understand?
Yes, of course.
What noise did the bullet make?
Mrs. Kennedy.
Are you okay?
It's Larry.
I'll be right there.
Take all your time.
They're waiting?
I solemnly swear that I will fill with loyalty
the functions of President of the United States,
and as best I can, I will preserve, protect
and defend the constitution of the United States.
I swear to God.
Mr. President.
Let's start, let's make it less hot on this plane.
How big was the ball?
I don't think it was 38.
Apparently...
That's the caliber, isn't it?
Apparently, it was bigger.
Like soldiers or hunting big game.
There's no need to...
We don't know yet.
We need to get the Irish Cadets.
Excuse me?
The Irish Cadets, for the funeral.
Jack loved it, he saw it in Dublin.
Mrs. Kennedy, we'll take care of it.
And the Scottish bagpipers, what's their name?
The Black Watch.
Yes, the Black Watch Pipers.
We'll go out in the back.
You, the president.
I mean, Johnson...
- Why in the back?
- There's the press, and it's safe.
- Do I have to hide now?
- No, of course not.
Some would be delighted, no doubt.
The ones who call themselves the Birch Society?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
I'll go out the usual way, and so will you.
All right.
When we land, we'll go straight to the hospital for the autopsy.
Autopsy?
Is that necessary?
I'm sorry, I'm so obligatory.
In the name of what?
The law, Mrs. Kennedy.
And what exactly are they going to do?
I don't know.
What does an autopsy have to do with it?
Explain to me.
I want to know every detail, I'm his wife.
I mean, what's left of it.
I want to know every detail.
They're gonna open it in half?
My dear, can I send someone... who can help you change?
All these cameras... people are gonna watch.
There were "Wanted" posters everywhere.
For Jack.
With Jack's face on it.
Let them see what they've done.
Jackie.
Bobby.
Sir, a car is waiting on the tarmac and will take you to Bethesda.
Mrs. Kennedy and I will take the ambulance with the coffin.
Valenti wants to know how we plan the exit.
What do you mean?
Johnson wants to speak to the press.
Let him do what he wants, I'll go out.
Will the coffin be closed at the funeral?
We'll see about it later.
I want him to be, Bobby.
It's not safe for a head of state.
There was blood everywhere.
I don't know how many pieces.
I was trying to contain his head.
Slow down.
Come on.
Make sure they restore his appearance.
All right.
Where are the kids?
With Maud, she took them to Georgetown.
I'd rather know them at home.
They have their habits...
- Mary?
- I'll take care of it.
What do they know?
We can't ruin it.
For me, it's a big...
Get some rest.
Water.
Thank you.
He had to be a little communist idiot.
If he had died for civil rights, at least it would have made sense.
Jack warned me we were going to go to the crazy.
But I thought it was going well in Fort Worth, Houston.
All the problems Adlai had, Jack made them forget.
They were tending yellow roses to me.
Yellow roses at every stop.
- But in Dallas...
- I know.
We're gonna turn this off.
They want to see grief.
They're already asking for the details of the funeral.
Sweetheart...
Come on.
President Johnson has seen the Secretary of State.
As a result, a conference was held with McNamara.
Despite grief, the harsh reality of the cold war dictates the defence and foreign policy agenda.
McNamara will probably stay with Mr. Johnson.
I'm being blamed for telling Lyndon to take the oath in Dallas.
This asshole was in a hurry and I have to take the lead?
Excuse me.
You know who James Garfield was?
No, ma'am.
And who was William McKinley, what did he do?
These two presidents were killed in the performance of their duties.
What about Abraham Lincoln?
You know what he did?
He won the Civil War, abolished slavery.
Right.
Thank you.
Bobby, tell them I want books about Lincoln and his funeral.
Deliver personal things, or people will harass you.
And they will interpret my silence as they please?
"She frowns her eyebrows, her mouth is treacherous.
"She holds her tears, but can't hide her anger."
We write to be famous.
- You want to be?
- No, I'm fine as I am.
You have to expect it, this article will be worth a lot of attention.
Any advice for me, then?
Yes.
Don't marry the president.
- You're afraid I'm crying?
- That you'd rather scream.
What's that?
My husband was a great man.
Lincoln's funeral procession left the White House and progressed on Pennsylvania Avenue to the Capitol.
The next day, back to the White House, they marched to Saint-Matthew in a grand procession under the spring sun.
600 tickets were distributed, but thousands of people flock along the streets and roofs. Citizens, senators, congressmen, diplomats, officers, all in ceremonial dress.
Lincoln's mount, Old Bob, in black capazon with stripes and white acorns.
Cagoule, he was driven without a rider to the head of the immense procession by Reverend Henry Brown.
I can see Jack getting away from here.
"Just money spent on stupid hummingbirds."
He would've ruined himself for voices, but he was thinking about buying a painting.
We don't have to worry about it anymore.
Let's do it right, Bill.
It must be beautiful.
Do they know you need a horse car?
We need to step in with Jack.
All of us.
A great and beautiful procession, which everyone will remember.
Mrs. Kennedy, you don't have to.
To what?
Besides, I doubt they'll let you walk down the street.
The world has gone crazy.
Take the kids and disappear.
Build a fortress in Boston and forget the past.
Are the kids awake?
They're playing in Caroline's room.
How do I do it?
My dear...
It doesn't matter what you say.
Hold them in your arms and say everything's gonna be okay.
Mom, why are you dressed weird?
A very sad thing happened, and we dress like this when something sad happens.
Mom, where's Dad?
Dad's not coming home.
Why?
Dad went to see your little brother Patrick in heaven.
Why?
Because I'm with you and I don't want Patrick to get bored.
What about us?
Caroline... you're gonna be a big girl.
You're brave, I know you are.
Like a soldier?
A naughty man hurt Dad.
Dad would come home if he could, but he can't.
He has to go to heaven.
Can I say goodbye?
Yes, of course, my love.
It was a beautiful mass.
I'm sorry, Mother.
Jackie.
What about the list of guests at the funeral?
The what?
We have to reduce it, my dear.
We're never gonna house so many people in Brookline.
Mr. Kennedy, let's talk about the funeral.
We want to satisfy her, but we don't know anything about this Oswald, he may have accomplices.
I'll talk to her, but she decides.
And there's the question of the Oval Office.
What do I start with?
Funerals or boxes?
It's very delicate, which is why I'm asking.
This procession is a madness.
Brookline?
The family dealership.
I guess Jack will be buried with us all.
Given the situation, I'm not gonna make my president work.
Your president?
My president.
Whatever happens, my brother will be carried in a coffin.
I'm sorry, sir.
Fuck you, Jack.
Averrell Harriman has at least four properties in Georgetown.
He can lend one.
I'll tell Sarge to take care of it.
We have time.
They'd move us right away?
Of course not.
Come on!
Lincoln's widow died in need.
She went back to Illinois, had to sell all her furniture.
Widows Van Buren and Tyler too.
Sold at auction, one after the other, to keep a roof on his head.
It won't happen to you.
What about the collectors we've been dealing with?
Bill and I had traded every couch, every chair.
If I sell some now, John and Caroline can go to school.
The staircase leads to the second floor, which, I know, is devolved to the president and his family.
I don't think any television or movie cameras have ever penetrated it, 'cause that's where you live.
Right.
This is what the White House did to President Lincoln.
This is how he changed.
1861, the strong man with an arched eyebrow.
1865, a week before his murder.
Do you spend time in the Lincoln Room?
We lived there when we arrived, when our apartments were painted again.
Nice room!
A room under Lincoln?
No, he was gathering his firm there.
All the furniture was from then on?
Yes, absolutely.
The most famous, of course, is Lincoln's bed.
That's from Mrs Lincoln, just like the hairdressers, the armchairs, this table.
She brought in a lot of furniture here, which made her husband rather angry, which found her too expensive.
And on the table, Gettysburg's speech.
Probably the most precious treasure in the room.
That seat and those two seats were sold at the sale I was telling you about, Mrs. Lincoln's.
They went to England, then to the descendants of the one who brought them there.
And Oswald goes back through the hall.
I really don't know what this is about, nobody told me anything.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Did you kill the president?
No, I wasn't accused, nobody told me again, and the first time I heard that, it's in the mouth of journalists.
Welcome to Arlington, Mrs. Kennedy.
Third possibility, there, at the foot of the hill.
It's too low.
What do you say, Ken?
I prefer Dewey Circle, without the dead leaves...
It's not just leaves, there's access roads.
Will there be 10,000 people here?
The whole problem is there.
Where are we going?
We won't bury him anywhere!
He deserves better.
I get it.
Is there a problem?
My shoes are sinking into the mud.
Maybe you should talk to a priest.
Maybe?
I want to talk to the press.
No.
Let Dave take care of it.
McNamara said he'd buy a house for us in Georgetown.
I don't have anything...
Nothing, not even a house.
What about this one?
Here?
It's cold.
You can make a fire, invite people.
Your parties at the White House were never seen before.
Private concerts with artists and friends where we drink champagne.
Are you suggesting that I have a party?
Not now, of course.
I'm just suggesting that you... have been able to animate an ice house.
It wasn't mine.
No more than this one.
Nothing ever belongs to me.
I can't keep anything.
Leaving this house must have been very difficult.
A first lady is always ready to fold baggage.
It's inevitable.
We have beds for almost the whole family.
Truman's at Blair House.
He couldn't get a driver, but Ike offered his.
A real B & B...
Lyndon wants to join the Oval Bureau and go to Congress.
I'll stop him as much as I can, but it's imminent.
They worry about a procession, which they consider risky.
They think she's risky.
They're all worried about it.
Even the State Department discourages foreign dignitaries from coming.
It's eight blocks from Saint-Matthew.
A little long, to walk among the crowd.
All those roofs, those windows.
It's our last chance, you have to walk by his side.
That's right!
The king demanded it.
Time must be perfect
All year round
A law has been passed, the moon has passed
July and August should not be too hot
Snow, too, has been limited.
To Camelot!
Winter is prohibited until December
And when he arrived in March, he fled immediately.
By decree, the summer lingers all September
To Camelot!
Camelot!
I know, it seems unheard of.
But in Camelot
Things are like this.
No rain until dark
At eight o'clock, the fog must eclipse
In short, nothing else is worth this nice island.
To live happily all eternity
To Camelot!
I know, we can be surprised.
But in Camelot
These laws are true.
Never melted snow on the hills
At nine o'clock, the moon must light up
In short, nothing else is worth this nice island.
To live happily all eternity
In Camelot
How would you write it?
"She lights an umpteenth cigarette.
"Explain between two slight sobs that if Jack wasn't perfect,
"he was perfect for our country.
"I ask her for her faults and she explains."
Perfect people don't change.
Jack was better every day, stronger.
Sometimes he would walk alone in the desert, just to let himself be tempted by the devil.
And he always came back to his dear family.
And I don't smoke.
I shouldn't say that.
That's why we're here.
Talk about what happened.
Do I have to confess?
If you have anything to blame yourself for.
Everyone knows my story.
God is not interested in stories, but in the truth.
I need compassion, Father.
Of course.
Father, are you listening to me?
Yes.
Sounds good to me.
I think God is cruel.
You're in trouble.
God is love.
And God is everywhere.
Was he in the bullet that killed Jack?
Absolutely.
What about me now?
Of course, let's see.
He plays a funny game, hiding all the time.
It's not funny that we don't understand it.
If heaven exists, so does your God, with all his promises in the air.
What god deprives two little children of their father?
Our Lord sacrificed his son.
And my two babies.
Arabella in my belly, and Patrick after 39 hours on earth.
Just enough to fall in love with it.
What did I do to deserve this?
Nothing.
Jack and I rarely spend the night together.
Not even the last one in Fort Worth.
Your husband loved you, Mrs. Kennedy, I'm sure.
I remember there was something else in our vows.
Don't look at me like that.
I was first lady of the United States, others endured much worse for much less.
Some women want power in life, others want power in bed.
Of course, what's left of me?
When men see me now, how do they feel?
Sadness, compassion...
Desire, who knows.
You're still a young woman, Mrs. Kennedy.
I made them smile.
No one understands how much he was suffering, or how loyal he was.
But some of his friends were so rude.
Not Jack, of course, even though he might get used to it.
What a good father, though.
I see him in his rocking flesh, in the office,
Caroline and John at his feet.
How can I hate him?
Console yourself with these memories.
Impossible, they're mixed with all the others.
Do you have the last list of the State Department?
The dignitaries supposed to attend the funeral.
Yes, she's here.
General de Gaulle, Prince Philip and even a Russian minister.
It's more than expected.
Yes, there are dozens of names.
Good.
Would you read it to me?
Yes.
From the United Nations, there is Paul Hoffmann, the Director General.
David B. Vaughn.
The King of Belgium.
From Denmark, Crown Prince George.
From Bulgaria, the Deputy Minister.
Prime Minister of Canada Lester B. Pearson.
From Austria, the chancellor.
I'm not sure, you should try without.
We've been together a long time, Nancy.
One time I was afraid you'd be jealous.
Come on!
You didn't do anything to make me think so.
But I was afraid after Jack's wedding, his election.
Now it seems ridiculous that anyone... who is jealous of me, who buried two children, and who now burys my husband.
I was jealous, yes.
The dress you were wearing in Vienna.
It's hard to see him now, but you have all your life ahead of you.
It's terrible to say that.
But true!
Terrible, terrible to say that.
And yet true!
I'm sorry.
What are you gonna do?
Stay with you.
- You're not going anywhere?
- No, and I have nowhere to go.
How lucky the kids are to have you.
It's all but a chance.
Anything but a chance.
I'm scared, Nancy, I'm scared.
I know.
In the Capitol, where the president's remains will rest all day after leaving the White House, three short speeches will be delivered...
She's going down.
Any minute.
Live from Dallas, Tom Petitt.
This is Lee Oswald.
He was shot!
Lee Oswald got shot!
There's a man with a gun.
You ready?
Look at me.
- Mom, is it my birthday?
- Not yet, darling.
Then why do I wear my clothes?
Special Agent Hill, at the disposal of Mrs. Kennedy.
Clint.
We're ready soon.
It's really strange, I don't remember anything.
But I read in the paper what you did and I wanted to thank you.
We have to take care of this, we have to take action.
We really look like a bunch of barbarians.
Mrs. Kennedy is coming down with the kids!
Turn off the TV.
Not a word of all this!
Understood?
I'll tell Jackie when the time comes.
Sit down.
Excuse me?
Sit down.
Honey.
What do you remember?
Tell me everything, I need to hear it.
Mrs. Kennedy...
I was 10 meters away when it fired.
When I saw the president's car...
Mrs. Kennedy...
Go on.
I had to get to you, put me between you, the president and the shooter.
Who was that?
Was that Oswald?
- They think so.
- I need to talk to him.
I need to talk to him.
I don't know what to tell you, Mrs. Kennedy.
The kids are ready.
I'll take them down, take Maud with me?
I'd like them by my side.
The press is in front.
Their father leaves this house for the last time, they have to say goodbye.
What about the cameras?
These images will pass all over the world.
These images must show the truth.
Two heartbroken children, without a father, are part of it.
Tell them I'm ready to go, with Caroline and John.
Yes, Mrs. Kennedy.
- Nancy.
- Yes.
I'm not the first lady anymore.
Call me Jackie.
All right.
Are you ready, darling?
You're brave.
Come with me.
I care about my privacy.
I've always been.
Yet, the next day, something seems to change.
In what way?
Before the funeral, the day the coffin goes to the Capitol, your children are fed to the whole world.
Are you implying that I exploited them?
No, of course, just...
Present, weapons!
I wonder if you thought about protecting them more, what everyone would have done.
We're not everyone.
Not everyone makes these decisions right after seeing his husband murdered by his side.
Lyndon, what a terrible way to start your presidency.
You think that was a mistake?
No, of course not.
How dare you?
They killed him inside the prison.
These people reach whoever they want.
And you dare hide it from me?
You didn't have the right.
The kids went out in front.
Pure madness!
You, your brother, and those years of hiding!
I only have Caroline and John and I'm putting them in danger because of you!
I would never take that risk.
You don't know anything about it!
You think you can control everything, just pull the strings.
But you're ridiculous!
I can't believe I'm playing the game.
Who's all this parade for?
Jack, the final campaign stage before the grave?
Lyndon's team is right, it's not worth risking lives.
Tell them we're canceling.
We'll drive to the cathedral, back there, then bury it.
I don't care now.
Really!
I would never have you...
I know you think I'm an idiot aristocrat!
Don't protect me anymore!
I would never have put you in danger.
You don't know what you're talking about.
I stay awake at night and I think that I should have been a saleswoman, a stenographer, that I should have married an ordinary man, lazy and ugly.
Let me refer to a parable.
Jesus... once passed before a blind beggar on the road, and his disciples asked:
"Who has sinned, this man or his parents, so that he may be born blind?"
And Jesus said:
"Neither this man nor his parents.
"He was born blind
"so that God's work may be revealed in him."
On that, he covered his eyes with mud and told him to wash in the basin of Siloe.
What the man did, and he came back to see.
Today you're blind.
Not for sin, but for being chosen.
That God's work may be revealed in you.
It's perfect.
We installed it in your absence.
A surprise for you and the president.
It changes everything.
What about the Treaty Room?
Green hunter.
Exactly as you imagined.
If only Jack...
But would he have cared?
I lost my wire.
Between reality.
And representation.
He was president.
You were right.
I won't march tomorrow.
I won't put people in danger because of vanity.
I was afraid for you, and it remains true, without seeing any vanity.
That's how Jack called it all.
When he saw what we were spending, he said:
"Your vain little project
"will bankrupt the federal government."
People need their history, it strengthens them.
To know that real men have lived here, not ghosts or legends.
Men who braved adversity and overcame it.
What you've done here matters.
That's nice of you, Bill.
He's even starting to escape.
Soon, it will only be an oil on canvas, of those that line these walls.
I talked to Johnson.
By tomorrow, it's settled.
Everybody by car, no procession.
Sorry, Bobby.
Do you think Lincoln's widow knew?
What?
That we built a monument for her husband.
Why is this room so peaceful?
Peaceful?
I don't know.
Every time I pass by, I remember that in January 1863, a man like the others signed a document freeing 4 million people from slavery.
Also... more than a peaceful place,
It's a shame ours is screwed up.
Yes?
Be polite.
What have we accomplished?
We're just rich and famous people.
Right?
Isn't that what we are?
Otherwise, what have we actually accomplished?
Jack will remain the one who managed the missile crisis or the one who triggered a crisis that he then had to solve!
We could have done so much.
Civil rights, space program...
Vietnam.
Vietnam, that Johnson's gonna handle.
We serve him on a tray and he'll tear it down.
I shouldn't have blamed him with Castro.
You can't do that, Bobby.
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with me?
History is ruthless.
No time.
We're ridiculous.
Look at you!
I'm sorry.
Do you like your new office?
Mrs. Kennedy!
Come in.
Sorry, I'm doing my job.
Of course.
I remember our victory in the election, what a joy it was.
We do the best we can, we're all by your side.
That's very kind of you.
I'm here to discuss tomorrow.
I was told you were coming back to a modest ceremony.
I changed my mind.
Excuse me?
I have changed my mind, there will be a procession and I will walk to the cathedral with the coffin.
Even if we can go back, the Protection Service has constraints.
What about President Johnson?
He is very keen to please you, but I must consider his safety.
The country can't afford another shock if...
That being said, if he cared only for him, he would strive to comfort you.
So who cares, Mr. Valenti?
You need to know, we're waiting for about 100 heads of state.
103.
No doubt, and I have in mind that everyone will act as he pleases.
What are you relying on?
There are many confidential reports that I do not have access to.
De Gaulle would be threatened, according to our agents in Geneva.
If he refuses to scroll, others could follow.
I get it.
I told you, we'd like to do more to accept you.
- You see me sorry.
- You shouldn't.
You and the Johnsons have done so much.
- Have a good day.
Will you be able to send a message to our guests when they land?
Of course.
Tell them I'll walk with Jack tomorrow, alone if necessary.
And tell General de Gaulle, if he prefers an armored car, or a tank, I wouldn't be mad at him.
The tens of millions of viewers don't, either, that's for sure.
Why are you doing this, Mrs. Kennedy?
I'm doing my job.
Will you write it down?
Should I?
Yes.
We continue to live long after our death.
The presidents will succeed each other and each of them will turn to Jack for guidance and inspiration.
What do you say to those who say he didn't deserve that?
That magnitude.
Good president, of course, but who did not win the Civil War.
It was the funeral of the President of the United States.
Your husband was moving by car, not by horse.
There should have been more.
More horses, more soldiers, more tears, more cameras!
You won't let me write it, I guess.
No, because I never said it.
Jack may not have had time to defeat communism... but I think I remember...
With all due respect, you were at the heart of all this, and I guess it's impossible to have an ounce of hindsight, but I can assure you that it was... a show.
Nancy said they wanted to share my grief, so I agreed.
But I later realized that all this pump, all my demands to honor him, was not for Jack, nor for his legacy.
But for me.
I wrote him a letter the day before the coffin left for the Capitol.
Do you know what I wrote?
That I wanted to die.
I get it.
- Really?
Unless you ask me for permission.
Only the rude people who feel sorry for themselves are killing each other.
I was just hoping that by walking next to Jack's body, someone would have the goodness to do it for me.
In the eyes of the whole world?
Famous life, famous death.
I wasn't interested in fame.
But I became a Kennedy.
I told everyone I didn't remember.
That's not true.
I remember.
I remember everything.
First bullet, boom.
And... boom.
I could have saved him.
I should have seen it was a shot, I should have protected him.
I tried to stop the bleeding, but in the hospital...
Last night, and every night ever since, I prayed to die.
God, let me join my husband.
May I?
It's not... I didn't...
Your writing is not very legible.
You've left your mark on this country in the last few days.
Here's the article.
Losing a president means losing a father, and you were a mother to all, that's an excellent article.
The whole country is watching the funeral, from beginning to end.
In decades, people will remember your dignity and majesty.
They'll remember you.
It will have a specific function.
My husband has so many meetings in this part of the house.
All those waiting for him stay in the entrance. The stroller has to pass between them.
Then they can sit here and hold a conference at this table waiting for him.
Here he comes.
Mr. President.
Mrs. Kennedy shows us the White House and all the changes she has made.
What do you think of these changes?
I think she tried, as best she could, to reconnect with the intimacy of the men who lived here.
Anyone entering the White House as president wants the best for his country.
But he receives stimuli, because he lives in the immediate vicinity of those who, though legendary, did exist and live in these rooms.
Everything will be put in the storage room until you settle down.
One last thing, more important than anything else.
Every night, before we went to bed, on an old Victrola, we listened to a few records.
- His favorite was Camelot.
- The musical?
I'm so ashamed.
Every quote from Jack was in Greek or Latin.
But this is the last song of Camelot's last act that loops in my head.
"Don't forget soon,
"That a short sparkling moment,
"There was a Camelot."
Jack loved history, she forged it.
Imagine the little one, with scarlet, reading history.
King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table.
That's Camelot's subject.
Ordinary men fighting for a better world.
Don't get me wrong, Jack wasn't naive.
But he had ideals, ideals that he could pass on to others.
The ideals that will survive?
That's right.
Of course, there will be great progress, other great presidents.
The Johnsons were very generous to me.
But there will be no other Camelot.
No other Camelot.
What did you come here to do?
Talk.
You say that you pray every night to die, that your children are useless to you, that you want to join your husband.
Yet I'm not burying you.
This is a moment in our quest for the meaning of life, where we realize that there is no answer.
And when you do this horrible, this inescapable finding, you accept or kill yourself.
Or, quite simply, we interrupt this quest.
I had a happy existence and yet every night, when I get to bed, turn off the light and look in the dark,
I wonder.
Is this what life is like?
Are you wondering?
Like every soul down there.
And the next morning, we wake up and have coffee.
- What's the point?
- That's how it is!
You did it this morning, you will do it tomorrow.
But God, in his infinite wisdom, has kept watch
That's enough for us.
I repeat. "Ms. Kennedy.
"has expressed the wish to put back the bodies of the two children she lost so that they may rest with their father."
Is that right?
"She wants them to always remember that at a short gleaming moment,
"there was one..."
Yeah. "Camelot."
I wish you a good evening, Mrs. Kennedy.
He wrote every word.
Did it calm you down?
It's been taken over all over the world.
Maybe they all believe in Camelot today.
People like to believe fairy tales.
What about you?
Do you think you've done him justice?
I think the characters that the books evoke are more real than the man standing by our side.
It was too much to ask to grow old together, to see our children grow up.
The darkness will probably remain, but it will eventually ease.
Come on, they're waiting for us in Arlington.
In the name of the father, the son and the Holy Spirit.
Every evening, from December to December
Before you go to sleep sometimes.
Look at all the stories you've ever heard.
On Camelot
Ask everyone if they know the story
I was so happy that he could be proud, because then I had a baby and couldn't lead the campaign.
Then it was the White House, and all that I had always done suddenly became wonderful.
For all that a first lady does is different, everyone takes it.
I was so happy that Jack could be proud of me.
These were our best years.
Never rain before nightfall
At eight o'clock, the fog must eclipse
Don't forget about it soon.
That once he was an island
A short glittering moment
Called Camelot.
