Sinting by silence when they should protest turns men into cowards.
January 1961.
Farewell speech by President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The combination of huge workforces and a vast industry is new in this country.
Global, economic, political, spiritual influence, even affects every city, assembly, government ministry.
We must avoid creating an unjustified influence, whether desired or not, on the military-industrial complex.
This coalition must not threaten our freedoms or the democratic process.
November 1960.
Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts won a very tight election against Vice-President Nix on by just over 100,000 votes.
With his wife Jacqueline Bouvier, beautiful and elegant, Kennedy symbolizes the new freedom of the 1960s, the upheaval in the eyes of opinion.
All men are born equal...
The energy I possess will be devoted to freedom in the world.
Today, I'm proud to say:
"Ich bin ein Berliner!"
He inherited a secret war against the Castrist dictatorship in Cuba, a war waged by the CIA and Cuban exiles.
Castro has succeeded in his revolution and threatens American interests in Latin America.
This war culminated with the failed invasion of the Bay of Pigs in April 1961, where Kennedy refused air support to the anti-castrists.
He accepts this failure in public, but declares privately that the CIA lied to him and manipulated him to order the invasion of Cuba.
In October 1962, the world was on the brink of nuclear war. Kennedy quarantined Cuba and announced the presence of Soviet missiles 150 km from the American coast.
Soviet missile launchers headed towards the island, but turned around at the last moment.
The world is breathing, but in Washington it is said that JFK has entered into a secret agreement with Khrushchev:
Kennedy is suspected of indulgence for communism.
Kennedy is also trained in Laos and Vietnam.
If their government doesn't get popular support, we won't win there.
It's their war.
It's up to them to win it, or lose it.
At the beginning of the fatal summer, Kennedy spoke of his vision at the University of Washington.
What peace do we seek?
Not a Pax Americana imposed on the world by American weapons.
We must reconsider our attitude towards the USSR.
Our fundamental link is that we all live in this small planet.
We breathe the same air, cherish the future of our children, and we are all mortal.
You fuckers!
They're going to Dallas... Friday...
They're gonna kill Kennedy.
Call someone... arrest them.
They're serious!
She's been freaking out like that since we brought her in.
In Dallas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's procession.
According to the first reports, the President was seriously injured.
We shot the president.
In Dallas, five minutes ago.
Serious?
We don't know.
Maybe in the head.
There's a TV at Napoleon.
We found three bullets.
Governor Connally would also be hit.
The president was taken to Parkland Hospital, 7 km from Dealey Plaza.
The bullet would have come in from the bottom of the throat and come out behind.
This is not confirmed.
There's a transfusion going on.
A priest gave the extreme anointing.
There's still a chance.
Hold on, Jack.
From Dallas, the announcement seems official.
President Kennedy died at 1:00 p.m. Center time,
2:00 p.m. Eastern time, or about 38 minutes ago.
Vice-President Lyndon Johnson will no doubt take the oath, becoming the 36th president of the United States.
He's done so much for this country for black people.
Farewell, sad bastard.
Die!
Shut up!
I'm ashamed to be American today.
I just spoke to Father Oscar Hubert about the Church of the Holy Trinity.
He tells me that another priest and he administered the last sacraments.
Shortly after 12:30, as the procession approached the highway, in the west centre of Dallas, there were these detonations.
The President is dead.
We were shooting over our heads from this palisade.
I saw his face when he was hit.
His ear jumped... it became very white.
He folded himself in half... his foot exceeded... excuse me.
Nobody thought it was possible in America, or anywhere else...
So many salads for that son of a bitch.
They're crying like they knew him.
It's making me gerber.
That's the president we killed!
Fucking president!
No one mourns the thousands of Cubans killed and tortured by his fault at the Bay of Pigs!
Damn peace treaties!
We fired from there.
How many hits did it come from around here?
When the Negroes are allowed to vote, they get together with the Jews and the cathos to elect an Irish wimp.
Maybe you've been drinking a little too much.
Damn it!
To the New Frontier.
The Round Table in pieces.
I'll drink to that.
Dallas police have a suspect in the murder of a police officer, Officer J.D. Tippit, who was shot dead at 1:15 p.m. in Oak Cliff, a suburb of Dallas.
The police don't rule out a connection to the President's murder.
The suspect, identified as Lee Harvey Oswald, was arrested by more than 12 police officers after a brief altercation at the Texas cinema.
Kill that bastard!
After what Kennedy did in the country!
I don't know what they're accusing me of, but I absolutely deny it!
The guy must have gone crazy, huh?
I'm saying, Oswald must have freaked out.
He did this crazy thing before we could stop him.
I'm gonna go.
I have to go home...
Who would have thought that Oswald's faggot would embark on a murder?
There are people you're never sure about.
Right, Jack?
My word.
All these years, I thought you were with me.
Sometimes... are you kidding?
I'm all that's serious.
With your little red eyes, I was wondering if you were okay.
Look at this, Martin.
You searched my files!
You searched, didn't you, you little snoop!
You know, you're getting paranoid.
You've searched everywhere!
You're a spy!
Why would I search?
Shit, this summer, I saw something to write a book.
I'm always locked!
You were alone here!
What do you mean, you bastard, you're gonna write a book?
But no, you know, we've seen funny things here, funny people.
You didn't see anything, you hear me, you scumbag!
Full name: Lee Harvey Oswald.
Did you kill the President?
I didn't kill anyone.
I was arrested simply because I lived in the USSR.
I'm just a scapegoat!
He looks really crazy.
I protested because I was not given the help of a lawyer during this lovely little interrogation.
I don't know what this is about.
I was just told I'm accused of murdering a policeman.
I don't know anything more.
And I'm asking... for someone to offer me legal assistance.
Did you participate in this committee for Cuba...
Fair Play for Cuba.
You were in Russia?
What about your eye?
Pretty quiet, for a guy under pressure.
A policeman hit me.
He's giving me the chicken meat.
All right, time to go to bed.
Mattie, honey, take it easy.
He was a good person.
He would be a convinced Marxist, a Fidel Castro fanatic and extreme left causes.
This summer, in New Orleans, he was arrested in a fight with anti-castrist exiles.
Lou?
I'm sorry to bother you so late.
It's just a routine.
Let's check out this story about Oswald in New Orleans.
Check his file, find friends or associates this summer.
See you with the whole team the day after tomorrow, all right?
Yeah, Sunday at 11:00.
I'd say he's the killer, without a doubt and with a moral conviction.
The rifle, an Italian model of the Second War, was ordered by mail to Chicago and sent to Oswald under the name of Hidell in March 1963.
It was the rifle that was used to assassinate the President.
It's settled.
Another crazy guy.
Anyone can buy a gun in Texas!
Among his associates, a name comes from David Ferrie.
We've seen Oswald several times with him.
I know this David.
Funny guy.
He's been in trouble before.
It was a flying ace.
He was fired for homosexuality.
We found these photos at Oswald's. Kohlman talked to someone about the trip to Texas.
He mentioned Ferrie, get this straight.
He didn't kill anyone.
He's a good man.
Good husband.
David Ferrie would have gone by car Friday for Texas.
He could have been Oswald's pilot.
Wait a minute.
What kind of source?
Anonymous.
I saw Ferrie at a veterans' meeting.
An extremist.
They're bringing him in.
Get the sound up.
A statement?
He killed him!
Live!
What were the 70 cops doing?
No more trials.
Less work for Dallas DA.
Let's still call Ferrie.
This is crazy!
Yesterday, in mourning, the government's work continued.
The President received Henry Cabot Lodge, Ambassador to Vietnam, and the Ministers.
The talks focused on Vietnam, a crisis that ignores mourning.
At the end of the meeting, it was announced that the US will continue to assist the government of Vietnam in its war against the communist insurgency.
David Ferrie.
Come in, Dave.
Thanks for coming.
Do you remember me?
After your election, I congratulated you.
How can I forget?
You're making a big impression.
I hear you're a flying ace.
Capable of landing or taking off on the smallest terrain.
I'm a bit of a part of it:
I flew in the war.
Sit down, make yourself comfortable.
Can I smoke?
Dave, the president was murdered on Friday.
A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect, then killed yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby.
According to reports, Oswald spent the summer here, and you would have known him well.
I've never known any Oswald before.
He's a crazy guy who told you that.
He served on your patrol, teenager.
No memory.
I've seen a lot of guys march.
You saw that.
Maybe you knew him under another name.
Never seen it in my life.
So, our information was false.
Thank you for correcting it.
There's something else, Dave.
You would have gone to Texas shortly after the murder.
Yeah, that's right.
Why is Houston special?
For ice skating.
I was with two young friends, so we decided to go.
Why the sudden need to go skating in Texas when there was a severe storm?
A head-up.
The storm wasn't that bad.
Where did you go?
In Houston.
Saturday night in Galveston.
What about Sunday?
In the morning, we went hunting the goose.
Good hunting?
The guys got one or two.
They told us they didn't.
By the way, it's true.
We were in the right place, there were thousands of them.
But it's impossible to get close.
They're smart.
Your friends said you didn't have weapons.
Isn't it a little difficult to hunt without a gun?
Yeah, it's coming back to me.
I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
We approached, and then we saw that we forgot our rifles.
That's stupid, isn't it?
Of course, we didn't shoot a goose.
Thank you for coming.
I'm sorry to go through this, but I have to keep you in order to get you interrogated by the FBI.
What's wrong?
Your story doesn't hold.
Really?
What part?
This afternoon, the FBI released David W. Ferrie from New Orleans.
After interrogation and verification, the FBI was unable to establish that Mr. Ferrie knew Lee Oswald, or that he was involved in the assassination of President Kennedy.
The Special Agent for the Investigation states that Mr. Ferrie was arrested by the District Attorney of New Orleans.
We're on the same side, aren't we?
Why is he taking this out?
They released him very quickly, didn't they?
They need to know more than we do.
Gentlemen, life goes on.
There's no shortage of local crimes.
President Johnson announced the establishment of a commission of inquiry into the assassination.
It will be headed by the President of the Supreme Court, Earl Warren, and will oversee the investigations of Congress and the State of Texas.
Among its members, Allen Dulles, former head of the CIA, MP Gerald Ford, John J. McCloy...
Get the fuck out of here.
Hippies high in every corner.
Young people, we don't know if they're guys or girls.
I saw a girl.
Pregnant.
Belly's in the air.
You know what she painted on it?
"Love Child."
That's the mess over there, Jim.
In Vietnam, our eyes were bigger than our belly.
It's no wonder, with that lyndon pouty at the White House.
Sometimes I think everything's going worse since John Kennedy's death.
Don't start me on the subject.
The Warren team was looking for fly buggers in pepper.
Don't tell me that kid's been aligning him since the book store.
I thought the FBI tested the rifle.
Yeah, three experts, none of them did.
We are told that Oswald has fired three shots worthy of a champion with a mobile head rifle in less than six seconds.
According to his Marine buddies, shooting, he had the red flag.
You know, he sucked.
An average shooter would put two bullets, with luck.
There, the third shot is perfect.
And there's this crazy ball that zigzags, touches Kennedy and Connally seven times.
A bullet in perfect condition?
It's not working out.
It bothered me too from the beginning.
Wasn't he alone?
If I were to investigate, I would pick up one hundred of the best shooters in the world and see who was in Dallas that day.
You're hunting duck.
To me, Oswald is a decoy.
He said, "I'm just a scapegoat." You can believe it.
Dinner's gonna be ready.
There's a surprise tonight.
I tried something new.
At the table.
Do you realize that Oswald was interrogated 12 hours after the murder, without a lawyer, and no one wrote a note?
Unbelievable.
An experienced commissioner, from the Feds: they knew that without minutes, Oswald's testimony was inadmissible.
Why don't we talk about it at the table?
Jasper, what are you doing here?
Dad will if I don't make a noise.
If I could afford that, it'd be the front page.
So, the President's murderer!
Valid, ignored testimony.
Some leads not followed, some selective conclusions, no index.
It's one of the worst investigations I've ever seen.
Dozens of witnesses heard gunshots from the hill in front of Kennedy, not from the book store behind him.
But it's all scattered.
When you read it, it gets lost in the mass.
I never believed it.
I'll do the dishes.
Go to bed, Eb.
Elizabeth, you, too, in bed!
That was three years ago.
We tried to turn the page, and you're obstinating yourself to dig it up.
You're DA from New Orleans.
Don't you think it's coming out of your skills?
They've already investigated it.
A smart guy like Warren couldn't read what's in those volumes.
Maybe you're right.
You have an hour to solve the case, time to sleep with the kids.
Then you're mine.
Mr. Kennedy will be waiting tomorrow.
Dad, look what I drew.
What is it, Jasper?
A rhinoceros in a cage.
Can I stand?
I don't think so.
Pickle and Snapper, my two riders!
Good night, my fleas.
An hour, you hear?
You're a business for Saturday night.
Mom warned me if I married such a serious man.
Earlier, I'll show you how we invented Saturday night.
I closed the area, stopped the trains for inspection.
Migrants boarded at least one train.
Mr. Bowers, you told us about this before your statement.
Is that correct?
Is there anything else you said, and who's coming back to you?
Not that I know.
The witness may withdraw.
A freight train was there, with people on board, and they were taken to the station.
Migrants?
Vagabonds.
All of them were interviewed?
Drived to the station and interviewed.
Ask the question!
Let's go back to Amos Euins.
The area's access had been barred since 10:00.
But three cars passed.
Between noon and the time of the murder.
They turned around the parking lot.
Just like controlling the area.
One of the drivers seemed to hold something near his mouth.
The last one went 7 to 10 minutes before the shots were fired.
A white Chevrolet, Impala four doors.
From mud to glass.
To the bridge, I saw two men standing behind the palisade, looking at Main and Houston, and following the procession.
A type of middle age, rough.
The other one was younger.
There were two others on the east side of the parking lot.
Both in uniform.
At the time of the shooting, there was like some kind of... movement.
I can't describe it... a flash, smoke, something... that made me think something unusual had just happened on the slope.
It's amazing.
Everything.
A lieutenant-colonel testified that Oswald had passed a Russian examination during his training at the Marines, shortly before joining the USSR.
Oh, my God.
It's four and a half!
Our five children wake up in an hour...
I've never seen a man of the rank pass a Russian exam.
Oswald was a radar operator!
Russian was as useful to him as a pajamas for a cat.
These books drive you crazy, Mr. Garrison.
This colonel talks about it like something insignificant.
"Oswald had a bad result.
"He only had two more just words, compared to mistakes."
Like I said Touchdown isn't smart because I beat him three times out of five in chess.
Are you going to watch all night, every night?
Why?
To be the only one who read the 26 volumes of the Warren Report?
Lee Oswald was not an ordinary soldier.
He was probably in the intelligence.
That's why Russian classes.
- Let's sleep.
- I've been sleeping for three years!
Hello.
Are you ready?
7:30 a.m. Sunday?
We're not really gonna sniff fresh blood.
Old stains, but also talking.
531 Lafayette St.
Do you remember who had his office there in '63?
Guy Banister.
An FBI ex-boyfriend.
Dead two years ago.
Head of Chicago's office, private since he retired.
I was having lunch with him.
John Birch Society...
A little more right than Attila.
He was recruiting students to infiltrate leftist groups.
Head of the Caribbean Anti-Communist League.
All this from this office.
Come on, I want to show you something.
Now, look here.
544 Camp Street.
531 Lafayette.
Same building, all right?
Two addresses, two entrances to go to the same place: the offices up there.
Guess who used that address?
Lee Harvey Oswald.
How do we know?
The address was stamped on the castristic leaflets which he distributed in the summer of 63 on Canal St.
The same ones we found at his house.
After the arrest, 544 Camp St. no longer appears.
We arrest him in a fight with anti-castrists.
But he had gone to see them shortly before, on the pretext of fighting Castro.
When they learned that he had become a castrist, they visited him.
Pro-Fidel shit?
You lied to me!
Liar, you son of a bitch!
Don't read that!
Carlos, you want to hit me, hit me.
Red smoker!
Go back to Moscow!
There was no real fight.
The policeman felt it was a staging.
In prison, Oswald has an interview with Agent Quigley of the FBI.
Oswald is released and Quigley destroys his notes.
The incident is advertising in Oswald, which is on local TV.
Are you a communist?
No, Mr. Briinguier.
I'm not a communist.
I'm a Marxist-Leninist.
What's the difference?
What if I tell you that Oswald took Russian classes at the Marines?
He was undergoing intelligence training.
Who would give this training?
The Office of Naval Intelligence.
Look across the street.
The post office.
Up there, in 1963, it was the Office of Naval Intelligence.
Coincidentally, before the FBI, Banister was at the ONI.
How do they say?
NIO one day, NIO always.
He likes to work with his old buddies.
We're at the heart of American intelligence here in New Orleans.
There's the FBI.
The CIA.
This is the Secret Service.
There, the ONI.
Don't you think it's a weird choice for a communist to hang out here?
Where are we going?
We're reopening the file, Lou.
The President's murder.
Wake me up.
I have to dream.
You're awake, and I'm serious.
We need to find your informant three years ago.
For Ferrie's trip to Texas that day.
I don't remember last night, so three years ago...
We're not putting you on the grill.
I want details about the night Banister beat you up.
You didn't forget that.
You called our office from the hospital, you were rabid.
I have a problem.
You told me you and Guy have been good friends for a long time.
More than ten years.
Never a fight?
He never hit me.
But on November 22, 1963, the day the President was murdered, according to the police report, he hit you with a 357 Magnum.
It's about an argument on the phone note.
Do you think an argument about the phone is credible, as an explanation?
There's more to it than that.
- Much more?
- I'm not saying anything.
I would have asked Guy.
We were friends.
If we believe the papers.
- Do you know any more?
- I didn't say that.
But he died suddenly.
Just before the report came out.
Why did Guy hit you?
Shit, he's dead, it doesn't matter anymore.
It was about... guys hanging out at the office that summer.
I wasn't involved in the operation.
Just at Guy's detective job.
Not much, but I was there for that.
It was a madhouse.
Those Cubans who were in trouble.
For me, they all look alike.
Dave Ferrie.
Do you know him?
We know Dave.
Was he there?
He lived there!
All this was... barbouzes and company.
They called it Operation Mangouse.
They were training exiles for a new invasion of Cuba.
Banister was in the field: Dallas-Nouvelle Orléans-Miami.
They were storing weapons, explosives.
Under the nose of intelligence?
Of course... everyone knew each other.
Same network!
They all worked for the CIA.
There were pilots, "black agents," civilians and the military.
Fort Jefferson, Bayou Bluff, Morgan City, to choose from.
McAllen, Texas.
Big traffic.
What about Banister in there?
He had a camp where Ferrie trained guys.
With shooting range and tropical terrain, as in Cuba.
A few Americans, the Nazi type.
Mercenaries.
But Ferrie was the craziest.
And by the end of the summer, it's over!
Kennedy didn't want another Bay of Pigs.
He ordered the FBI to close the camps.
To confiscate the napalm, the C-4...
But I think the guys did this softly for Washington.
Oswald?
He was there, too.
Sometimes he saw Banister.
They were locked up.
Or he was chatting with Ferrie... but he was there, yes.
Nothing more specific?
It counts.
One day, the secretary panicked.
I can't believe it, Mr. Banister!
Lee Oswald is in Canal St., distributing castristic tracts.
It's okay, Delphine.
He's one of us.
Anyone else at Banister's level?
A guy, I don't know...
Big, white hair.
I saw him coming to the office.
He didn't look like he was in his place.
The kind of man in the world.
I forget the name, but Oswald was with him.
It was about money. Banister, who never crashed, crashed in front of him.
Clay something.
Yeah, that's right.
Clay, Bertrand?
I'm not sure.
Yes, that's it, Clay Bertrand.
It is included in the Report.
He got a lawyer from Oswald.
What about Kennedy?
I don't know.
- We were talking about the murder?
Not with me.
I have to go.
- That's all I'm saying.
- What's the problem?
You want a picture?
Nobody knows what we're talking about.
What a naive man you are!
When did you know this Bertrand?
Look at the one in red.
Cute, but not as long as you.
Do a respectable job.
Why are you breaking them?
We've been friends since college.
I read your statement.
You're doing this again.
The day after the murder, Clay Bertrand contacted you to defend Oswald.
It's important, Dean.
You're telling the FBI he's six feet tall, and then at the Commission, seven hundred feet.
How do we shrink like that?
They cooked me, just like you.
I said what was going on with the cabeza.
Actually, I've never seen the guy before.
We love friends who have friends.
I don't know what he looks like or what he's doing.
Sometimes he sends me things.
One day, he calls me and offers me Dallas.
Did you see Oswald there?
I said no to this Bertrand, it's not my thing.
I'm a little winner.
Why are you in the Report?
I explained to them that that summer, Bertrand asked me to inflate the boy's military libretto.
I was told that Mr. Bertrand would settle all the...
Yes, who are you?
Clay Bertrand.
I'm the guarantor of everything.
There was no conspiracy.
Bobby Kennedy would have taken charges!
He was his brother, for Christ's sake!
They all kept the secret?
It was Oswald!
We're not communicating right now.
I know you know who Clay Bertrand is.
Leave that crab and listen!
I know we're friends, but I'm gonna stick you in front of the grand jury.
If you lie to them like I do, I'll charge you with false testimony.
I've faced nine judges here, and I've won.
Do we understand each other now?
Is that between us?
All right, I'll sum it up for you soon.
If I answer your question, I'll give you the name of the great chef, it's good to see you, Dean.
Definitive, a bullet in the head.
You're the mouse against the gorilla.
Kennedy, it's that dead crab!
The government is breathing!
You're gonna go to a dead man, you're gonna throw Clay Bertrand's identity in the grand jury, or you're gonna go to the hole.
Crazy as your mother!
It's in the genes!
You know what you're getting into?
You'll have the government on your back.
Good morning.
DA Garrison comes to see prisoner 5388.
District 237-B.
There's no need for grills with the marshes.
Many went there, none came out.
You've got visitors.
Don't make a fuss about them!
Good morning, Mr. Broussard.
Thank you for giving me your time.
I've got time.
Minutes, hours, days, years.
Time doesn't move here, like a snake warming up on the road.
Clay Bertrand?
I met him in... June 62.
At the Masquerade Bar.
Dave Ferrie took me there to meet him.
For a sexual purpose?
Did he pay you?
$20 every time.
It's not a secret, that's why I'm here.
Any particularity you could describe in court?
He had a problem with his leg.
Boiled.
But not the crazy kind.
It's a macho.
You can see him on the street, play poker, go fishing with him, you'd never suspect.
One night at Ferrie's, there was a party at the end of summer 63.
There were nine or ten of us.
Cubans, Dave's friends, training.
It's a real mess at Dave's.
Like in his head, these mice, for his cancer research.
He speaks five languages, knows philosophy, medicine, strategy, politics.
He wanted to be a priest, but... we chased him as a faggot.
Is that where you met Oswald?
Funny guy.
Dave introduced him...
What the hell is he doing here?
Fuck you, motherfucker.
Leon's in a bad mood.
Don't get mad, he's a good guy.
And that Leon was Lee Oswald?
Why would I lie to you?
I'm already in prison.
Finally, I find myself with Dave, this Leon, two of the Cubans and named Bertrand.
Dave pulls out his newspaper clippings.
He was obsessed with Castro, Kennedy... he put that back.
This shit's shut down our camps!
Take all our C-4!
10,000 rounds!
3,000 pounds of powder!
All our weapons!
You want to free Cuba?
We have to kill the beard!
This Kennedy faggot doesn't want to.
How do we do it?
We can't get to him.
Castro has spies everywhere.
There's new stuff!
Poisons!
We put it in his food, he dies in three days!
There's no trace!
She'd fall, he'd look grotesque!
That son of a bitch, Kennedy, with his scumbags... with the son of a bitch Khrushchev.
It would take an act of God!
And a Texan at the White House!
The Cubans are gone.
Dave was drunk.
He put this back on Kennedy.
I'll kill him.
To the White House!
A knife in the heart.
We've got to get rid of him!
You'll never get that douchebag.
Soon, I'll tell you.
We'll charge Castro, the country will want to invade Cuba.
All he has to do is expose himself.
One more of your stupid plans.
What do I see?
What about the Secret Service?
Cops?
With a good plan, no problem.
They almost got de Gaulle.
Eisenhower was driving on an open roof.
We need three gunmen in three places.
An office building, a powerful rifle.
Triangulation, crossfire, that's the key.
A diversion shot hijacks the agents.
And now, lethal bullet!
A man must be sacrificed.
Then, in the panic, we do the job.
We're leaving the country.
Why don't we change the subject?
Badiner with these young people, very well, but this kind of thing can so easily be misinterpreted.
At the moment, it was nothing but frime.
Everyone likes to ride the mechanics.
Especially gay people.
But when they got him, I was scared, really.
And that's where I got picked.
What you say is going to be attacked by a lot of people.
Bring them, these motherfuckers, with their degrees, I have nothing to hide.
I can't be bought.
Not even with parole.
The truth must be known.
You're a liberal.
You don't know anything, because you've never been fucked up!
It's not about justice.
No, it's a matter of order!
Who's in charge?
Because fascism is coming back!
We don't buy you, we don't promise you anything.
I want to know why you're telling us that.
Because that son of a bitch Kennedy stole the election.
Nixon was gonna be one of the big ones, but Kennedy ruined this country.
The niggers and their rights!
Look at the crime!
He promised those bastards too much.
Revolution?
Shit, it's fascism that's coming back!
The day this communist scumbag died is a great day for the country!
I don't care if we think it's that idiot Oswald, who never understood anything!
People need to know why he was killed.
Because he was a communist.
I'll tell the same story!
Don't give a shit!
All right, Willie.
Thank you.
We'll contact you.
You're pretty good-looking, Mr. Garrison.
When I get out, I'll come see you.
We'll laugh!
It won't hold in court.
They have a reputation for toilets.
Do you mind, Bill?
Why, in court, does a prostitute have a bad view?
For Clay Bertrand, let's start with the Quartier.
At six, without a budget and secretly, are we going to succeed where the Warren Commission failed?
You're not here for your legal skill.
You're a fighter.
You're not afraid to fight harder than you are.
Mr. Garrison, do you recognize me?
Did you vote for me?
Of course.
We sang together at the Royal Orleans.
That's right!
We can't see you enough.
Too much work.
When you're elected, you don't have fun like you used to.
It's always a pleasure to serve you.
Could I have a martini?
He's waiting for you.
Keep this table for us, Paul.
Anything on the vagabonds?
A photographer from the Dallas Times took pictures.
Never published.
I'm not surprised anymore.
The sheriff released them.
There's no evidence of interrogation.
Look, they look like vagabonds?
These two are very young.
Not a worn collar, fresh, shaved, clean hands... so, who are they?
Maybe we're there.
Let's start with him.
What about the railwayman, Lee Bowers, the one who saw these men at the palisade?
It's buried.
Last August.
Car accident, alone on a deserted road in Texas.
In a state of shock at the time of his death.
We need more witnesses.
Rose Shearamy, a whore.
She was a drug dealer for Jack Ruby...
She said Ruby's known Oswald for years.
- Can we talk to him?
- She's dead, too.
Killed by a driver.
Let's get back to the source.
Jack Ruby's been rotting in Dallas prison for three years.
If he were to spit...
Impossible.
Our investigation would be on the front page tomorrow.
So, fuck it.
What did you find on Oswald?
Negative for his tax records.
The first time we've refused a tax file to an DA.
I wrote down the CIA files on Oswald in the Warren Report and asked for them.
There are in the 1200 documents.
I didn't have one.
Secret status for reasons of national security.
I got her school reports.
A study of her pubic hair!
Lonely gossip, no father.
In the Marines at 17.
He learns Russian.
He claims to be a Marxist, but is stationed in a secret base in Japan, from where the U-2s, the spy planes, depart to Russia.
Freed from the Marines, after three days at home, with $203 on his account, he takes a $1500 ticket to Moscow.
Do you understand the gravity of your decision?
Yeah, and besides, I know all the arguments...
I want to give up my nationality and become a Soviet citizen.
I'll deliver all my information about the Marines.
He disappears six weeks, probably with the KGB.
Finally they put him in a radio factory in Minsk, and he leads the great life.
5000 rubles, apartment with balcony.
He's having sex with local girls.
Normal: he's a spokesperson.
But he never makes propaganda for the Russians.
He meets Marina, who has an uncle colonel in Soviet intelligence, at the union ball.
She thinks he's Russian in her accent.
After six weeks, they get married, they have a daughter.
He must have delivered secrets on the radars.
Or fake secrets.
Six months after his arrival, Gary Powers' U-2 was shot dead in Russia.
An untouchable plane.
Powers suggested that Oswald had informed the Russians.
Direct consequence is the failure of the summit of the two greats.
I feel like at the Pentagon, we didn't want that summit.
Oswald may have been an accomplice!
You're DA deputy.
Just stick to what you can prove.
How does he get back to the United States?
Any problems with Uncle Sam?
No!
He is neither interrogated nor charged for revealing secrets, nor, it seems, even debriefed by the CIA.
We should've charged that son of a bitch as soon as he landed.
Is Marina in trouble?
And it's hard to get a girlfriend out of Russia.
He had already changed sides once.
And ordinary people are worried about their connection to the left.
It's not clear.
Suddenly, here he is in Dallas, Fort Worth in October 62, he works for six months in a photographic firm that makes maps for the Army.
It binds with the white Russians of Dallas, ardent anti-communists.
That's weird.
His best friend is a tanker named George De Mohrenschildt, 35 years older than Oswald, who has only 23 and is supposed to be broke.
De Mohrenschildt is a member of the Dallas Petroleum Club, speaks five languages and served Vichy during the war.
We lend him Nazi sympathies.
You're talking like a wretch.
De Mohrenschildt describes Oswald as an intellectual, speaking very well Russian, an admirer of JFK.
He made some mistakes about Cuba.
He's doing a good job.
If he succeeds, in my opinion, he will be a great president, and really beautiful, in addition.
It's for the gallery.
Don't go astray.
This guy tossed Oswald to the Warren Commission as a violent individual, and connected him to the rifle.
In this sense, Castro is an experimenter.
He can lead his country in any direction.
Is that a gun in there?
Tell me.
What are you shooting?
Rabbits or fascists?
I'm hunting.
Are you hunting?
The pequenauds?
We don't know if he's CIA.
Probable.
The Oswald operator.
The Oswalds are introduced to Janet and Bill Williams.
By Janet Williams, in October 63, Lee got his job, right on Elm Street, at the book depot.
To exercise intelligence by stacking textbooks at $1.25 per hour.
Marina and Lee are fighting on a lot of subjects.
His secret side, the lack of money...
He doesn't satisfy her sexually.
Lee beats her several times.
At 24, he rented a room in Dallas under the name of O.H. Lee.
You want the TV?
Is everything okay, Mr. Lee?
Thank you. I'm fine.
As for the Williams, their income is secret.
Bill Williams is linked to the CIA and is doing a secret job at Bell Helicopter.
Bill leaves Janet, and Marina moves in with Janet, who suddenly becomes her best friend.
Marina and Lee have a second daughter.
I love Lee and I... I feel sorry for him.
You're complaining.
When we arrest him, Marina blames him.
She describes him as a violent, unbalanced man.
I know too many facts, and they tell me Lee killed Kennedy.
After two months in secret, she was afraid of being sent back to Russia. She was probably nervous.
They taught him how to answer.
When they think she's ready, they dress her up and take her out at the right time.
Oswald wasn't an angel.
But who was he?
I'm getting lost.
What does that mean?
When Oswald went to Russia, he wasn't a defector.
He was an agent on mission to the government, and he stayed there until his death.
Therefore, if Oswald fired, the intelligence killed their commander-in-chief.
Better than that, Bill, maybe Oswald didn't shoot.
According to the tests, he had not fired on 22 November.
We didn't even check if the gun was used that day.
There's the print of his palm.
The gun went to the FBI, who couldn't find anything.
The gun's coming back, and now a Dallas cop finds a print.
She could have been taken to the morgue.
No chain of evidence.
I never understood why he ordered a recognizable weapon, by post office box, when he can buy a rifle anywhere in Texas, under a false name.
To trap him!
There's smoke, but there's fire too.
We're talking about the government.
We're talking about a crime.
You have to think like the CIA.
We're on the other side of the mirror.
White, it's black.
And black is white.
Maybe Oswald is what he said:
A scapegoat.
Unbelievable.
Were you there?
I was here.
Shots were fired from this palisade, near the bridge.
And I saw a man running towards the wagons.
I explained to Warren's people that a gunshot came from behind the palisade.
I heard it, I saw the smoke two meters above the ground.
The four of us, the railwaymen, we've seen about the same thing.
The smoke came from behind the hedge.
I was with my friend Mary Moorman, who took the picture when he was killed.
I went down on the sidewalk, shouted "Mr. President!"
There were gunshots.
Mary fell on the floor screaming, "They're shooting!
Get down!"
I was there watching.
The driver stopped.
I don't know what happened to him.
Then, from the corner of the eye, I saw a flash in the bushes.
And that last blow... ripped his head off.
When I looked up, I saw smoke coming from the grassy mound.
We've come to look for traces.
It rained that morning.
We found butts.
Someone was standing here.
It's a good location.
For the deadly blow.
Everything was frozen.
We weren't breathing anymore.
Like in a picture.
Except for one man.
I saw him running from the book depot to the parking lot.
At 11:00, I was driving on Elm St.
I'll never forget that day.
We weren't making any progress, but I was stopped at the height of a green truck.
We noticed him because he had a wheel on the sidewalk.
When I saw the gun, I thought, "The Secret Service isn't very secretive."
The next day, Saturday, I went to the FBI, they showed me pictures, three looked like the driver.
That's him.
Did you identify Jack Ruby on Saturday?
The day before Oswald was murdered?
Right.
When I saw him on TV, I had a shock.
I said, "This is the man I saw in the truck."
You weren't so sure about your statement.
What about the others?
You said it could be one of them.
They look a little like him, but it's this one.
It was him on the hill.
I thought our guys had one.
When I got to the parking lot, I only saw Dallas' railroadmen and cops.
No!
We've got to find that shooter!
Follow us, I said!
They fixed me up.
They must have seen everything, they knew everything we had done, Mary and I.
It wasn't hard with my red raincoat.
How many did you hear?
- Four to six.
- Impossible!
You heard echoes!
We've got three casings and three bullets fired from the depot.
That's all we'll say.
I saw a man shoot from behind that palisade.
What are you going to do?
You have to catch him!
The question is settled!
You've heard three shots, and don't tell anyone.
No one.
Strange: it was less than 20 minutes later.
Take her away.
I knew there was some shit.
I read my testimony in the Warren Report: it was wrong from beginning to end.
That's what I'm worried about.
We've changed my statements.
"Mercer couldn't identify any of the pictures as being the person she saw behind the wheel of the green Ford truck." Wrong.
I never said that. I recognized it, and I said it.
You have to be sure.
I'm sure.
And on the record...
It's very strange.
This certified signature, at the bottom of every page, is not mine.
And there was no bailiff during my interrogation.
Mrs Mercer, for an ex-FBI, it's hard to accept.
Beverly, talk to Mr. Garrison at the Carousel Club.
I often went to see Jack, and my friend Jatta, who was dancing there.
There was a hell of an atmosphere!
Everyone was coming.
Businessmen, Austin politicians.
LBJ's friends.
Dallas wasn't very lively at the time.
We were playing dominoes, dating cops.
Jack's, we were having fun.
There were always cops.
Jack liked them to be here.
But he was firing the drunk himself.
He was pretty violent.
Everyone knew Jack was from the Mafia.
Back then, the cops were bastards.
They used in your pocket.
Tell us about Lee.
One night, I came in, Jack introduced me to two guys.
"This is my friend, Lee..."
I don't remember the other's name.
But he was weird, with fake eyebrows!
It looked like a nozzle.
Lee didn't hit me much.
He wasn't very handsome, seemed pretty broke, and bad hair.
I didn't pay much attention to him.
I can forget a name, never a face.
When I saw him on TV 15 days later, I screamed, "My God, it's him!"
"Jack's friend!"
Will you testify?
- I don't think so.
- We had a deal.
To end up in the stats?
If they can kill the president of the United States, do you think they'll hesitate for a little dancer like me?
I understand you felt threatened.
Believe it.
We both understand.
I can't tell the truth here in Dallas.
We don't want me to tell the truth.
That I have a new trial.
Mr. Ruby, why don't we talk now?
My life is in danger!
Have me transferred to Washington if you want me to make further statements.
Can you?
That's impossible.
There wouldn't be a safe place.
We're not police officers.
A lot of things are at stake in this case.
If I'm eliminated, there will be no way to know the slightest truth about my situation.
A new form of government will take power.
And I won't live long enough to see you again.
I want to tell the truth...
And then leave this world.
Zapruder's film shows that there were three shots in 5"6.
I'm Oswald.
Chrono.
Six to seven seconds.
Without aiming.
The second and third shots were almost simultaneous.
It takes a minimum of 2"3 to recharge.
The other problem was this tree that embarrassed, for the first two shots.
What did J. Edgar Hoover say? "The leaves fall in November."
It's a green oak from Texas.
He lost his leaves in early March.
With this Carcano, the worst shoulder weapon, we aim for a moving target at 80 meters, through thick foliage?
No way.
The FBI did two rounds of tests.
Not one of their shooters matched Oswald's performance.
Oswald, at best, was an average shooter.
The bezel had a flaw.
That's the crux of the case for me.
He couldn't shoot.
No one could have.
And they sold this to American opinion.
They didn't plan Zapruder's movie.
We need to get him back.
It means assigning Time-Life.
One question: why don't you kill Kennedy in Houston St.?
There's always been.
- He's out of sight.
- I'm wondering, too.
Even if we miss him and he speeds up, we get him in the second shot.
The only reason to wait for Elm St. is that we take him in a triangular crossfire.
A team there, at the palisade, for the face, low trajectory.
A third team... here, in this building.
Kennedy's coming to the dangerous area, it's all cooked.
How many men?
A shooter.
A radio watchman...
three teams in total.
They're pros, serious guys.
Hunters.
Patients.
The rifle requires skill.
That's why we didn't kill a chief executive in 200 years.
Main Street's this way.
The original route to the Trade Mart. It's too far away, isn't it?
An impossible blow, so they change the route.
We're bringing him over here.
Normal speed, 40 km/h. They know the procession will have to slow down to 16 km/h to turn here, and that's where they got it.
Who do you think changed the route?
The Secret Service, Dallas Police?
Who was mayor then?
Roy Cabell.
Guess who his brother is?
General Charles Cabell.
Deputy Director of the CIA.
Kennedy revoked him in 61, after the Bay of Pigs.
Back in the Pentagon, he called Kennedy a traitor.
He came to New Orleans to address the Foreign Policy Circle, and who presented it?
Our friend Clay Shaw.
What did the Warren Commission do?
His boss was dealing with the intelligence sector at the commission.
Allen Dulles?
Head of the CIA since 53.
Kennedy fired them both.
Cabell remained deputy nine years.
The wolf in the sheepfold.
All we have to do is summon them to appear.
Clay Bertrand?
Sure, I know him.
He's in the neighborhood.
Who is it, Joe?
I've done all the bars, nobody wants to talk.
Why would they talk to you?
I've never seen a lawman who's not a thug.
It's a big vegetable.
I've seen him on TV a lot, with all the other decks.
He's a faggot, you know that?
He's got another name.
Which one?
Clay Shaw.
Clay Bertrand, is that Clay Shaw?
The former boss of the International Trade Mart?
It's not a mystery!
Everyone here knows him.
Why is he taking that name?
Everybody doesn't care about his name!
For this grand jury thing, can you give us a hand?
We could use it.
Well thought out, Chief.
It's even more twisted.
From September 63, two months before the assassination, Oswald is reported everywhere in Dallas, buying ammunition,
a sighting bezel, frequenting shooting clubs.
In early November, at a Lincoln-Mercury dealership, he told the seller Albert Bogart...
Although he doesn't have a license and can't drive, he negotiates turns like an Indianapolis ace.
Bogart later said he was driving like a madman.
$300 cash, Mr. Oswald, and you're leaving with it.
For that pile of mud?
A worker can't afford anything in this damn country!
Do I have to go buy it in Russia?
It's a stupid tirade, as if to be noticed.
According to the seller, it is 1.65 m.
We know from his military booklet that Oswald is 1.75 m tall.
He's still seen in shooting clubs.
On 9 November, he decided to exercise himself on the neighbour's target.
I didn't book my target for another one to shoot.
Sorry, buddy.
I thought he was Kennedy's son of a bitch.
Discreet like a cockroach on a white carpet.
Then we see him at Sylvia Odio, a Cuban girl from Dallas linked to the anticaster network.
We're presenting him as Leon Oswald.
She thinks he's a little weird.
Two days later, a Cuban calls her back.
What did you think of Leon Oswald?
I'm not interested.
He told us:
"The Cubans are deflated,
"they should have killed Kennedy after the Bay of Pigs."
He gives her information without asking, she's scared.
She doesn't have any contact until she sees her picture in the paper.
For the Warren Commission, Sylvia had a bad view, because they located Oswald in Mexico at the same time, trying to enter Cuba.
The CIA has a camera in front of the Cuban embassy and says this man is Oswald in Mexico City.
If it's him, it's our third Oswald.
The Warren Commission is trying to make it a communist.
I think the Mexican episode is used to make Castro responsible.
If Oswald, or a fake Oswald, went to Cuba, returned and then killed the President, the opinion would again support an invasion of Cuba.
I even have doubts about this photo.
She condemned Oswald in people's minds.
When asked, Oswald said it was a fake.
I've never seen her before!
It's my face, but it was superimposed, the rest, it's not me!
I worked in the photo, and this one's from another!
I showed it to two experts.
The shadows on the nose are vertical, as at noon.
Not the same time.
And the detour marks on the chin.
The head seems glued to another body, to associate it with the rifle and revolver.
So, who are you, Alex Hidell or Lee Oswald?
You're the cops, get out of here!
Now it's getting really twisted.
In January 1961, at the Bolton-Ford dealer in New Orleans, while our Oswald is in Russia, a man using this name buys trucks for Friends of Democratic Cuba.
The seller never saw him again. Guess who is in the constitution of Friends of Democratic Cuba?
Guy Banister.
Banister bought the trucks under the name of Oswald.
At the FBI, Hoover has a memo from June 1960, according to which we may use the passport and Oswald's name.
They made Oswald from the beginning.
Like a bogus firm in the Bahamas, moving on the chessboard.
Who wants to drop it?
Idiot question.
Put your hands down.
I found Clay Bertrand.
Hold on tight.
Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw.
The Director of Trade Mart?
Former director.
Will you have any statements?
No one wants to talk.
He has to come and chat.
I don't like it.
He's done so much for the city.
We saw him at the Bally Haut collection.
He looks so good.
It'll be informal.
I'll call him on a Sunday.
A conversation between gentlemen.
In Vietnam, today the fighting has left 7 dead and 23 wounded in our ranks.
The week's losses are 67 American and 626 enemy.
For President Johnson, there is no end to the war in Vietnam, where 500,000 Americans are fighting.
We are moving towards more loss, more suffering.
Come get the Easter eggs!
It's the role of children.
You know I don't like these tribal rites, and then I see
Clay Shaw.
We're going "At Antoine" with the kids, like every year.
I see Shaw.
Do you have to do this on Easter Sunday?
I didn't think it was a party.
You were there, you didn't say anything!
You didn't say Easter Sunday.
Clay Shaw is important.
Not us.
I didn't say that.
You let your life go and you don't see it.
The kids lose there, too.
- You're not alone in sacrificing yourself.
- I'll be there at 2:00, I promise.
Start without me.
What can I do for you on this Easter Sunday?
Sorry to interrupt this party.
I'd rather this interview take place outside the agitation of the office.
I'm not sure I get it...
We're conducting an investigation where your name has been cited several times.
I wonder where.
We've talked to people who say they know you.
A man named David Logan?
Never heard of it.
Perry Russo?
Willie O'Keefe?
No, it doesn't ring a bell.
Mr. O'Keefe says he met you at the Masquerade Bar.
You would have invited him to dinner at your house, Dauphine St. Do you remember?
Of course not, I don't know him.
Shut up, sweetheart.
How could I have invited him to dinner?
Do you like the pigeonnail?
Champagne?
Maybe some details about the evening will give you the memory.
According to Mr. O'Keefe, the dinner was served by a colored hotel master in delivery.
Everyone was at one end of the table, which he found unusual, because the table was very long.
Was the foam good?
Do you think Willie O'Keefe's better?
Not at all.
That being said, I have a very nice Chippendale table, I often have a guest, he at one end, me at the other.
This is the point of a long dining table.
The splendour of the meal adds to the pleasure.
A hotel master helps, too.
It gives an elegant note, which is my weakness.
I'm calling him Smedley.
His name is Frankie Jenkins, but do we imagine more beotian than screaming to the kitchen: "Frankie!"
What's your point?
You paid him for sex.
It's absolutely grotesque.
The Quartier is full of heated imaginations, thugs ready to say everything!
That night, Mr. O'Keefe tells us that a certain David Ferrie came by with another boy.
I don't know anyone by that name.
Ignoring Mr. O'Keefe, I can't know Mr. Ferrie!
You had a party until the early morning.
Look at this picture.
I've never seen anyone so weird.
Clay Bertrand, do you know him?
I think there was a man of that name in the Chamber of Commerce.
Is that it?
Do you identify this man?
Do you claim that Mr. Oswald also had dinner with me?
Did you meet Lee Oswald?
You're making me hang out with a sordid troupe.
Answer me, of course not.
What a pity this murder.
I admired President Kennedy.
He had panache, an impeccable woman.
We'll order without Dad.
Put your guns away.
When's Dad coming?
Soon.
He's sorry, but he promised to come.
Dad never keeps his promises.
This Italian newspaper claims that you were on the board of Centro Mondo Commerciale, a creation of the CIA for the transfer of funds to Italy for espionage purposes.
This firm was expelled from Italy for these activities.
I know this stupid article.
I think I'm gonna sue that towel.
This firm is linked to Schlumberger Tool, Louisiana, which delivered arms to Ferrie.
You're extrapolating.
Really?
I'm a businessman.
The Trade Mart, which I founded, is our commercial access to Latin America.
I trade everywhere.
They accuse me of everything, like any businessman.
I'm running my boat, making money, trying to help society and promote free trade.
Have you ever been employed by the CIA?
If that were the case, do you think I'd be here today, talking to someone like you?
People like you don't need it.
People like you pass between the drops.
May I go?
Whatever you think of me, I'm first and foremost a patriot.
I spent half my life in the army serving my country.
I haven't seen anyone judge patriotic yet the murder of his president.
I'm sorry, Mr. Shaw.
It's late.
We don't have any more questions.
Thank you for your frankness.
It was a pleasure, gentlemen.
You too, Miss Cox.
Very nice.
To all of you and your families, my best wishes for Easter.
"We can smile and smile, and be a villain."
Oh, God, we got one!
Did you see that?
It's a rough day.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me, it's been a lot longer than expected.
We waited... hours, Jim!
You could've called.
I can only ask for forgiveness.
I have something else in mind than little rabbits.
You know what I think?
You care more about Kennedy than your family.
All day long, the kids ask, "Where's Dad?" What do I have to tell them?
I don't know what to tell them!
I'm doing my job to make them live in a country where justice won't be a dark idea in books.
It doesn't replace a husband or a father on Easter Day!
It's gonna get even worse!
Do you know who killed Kennedy?
Was there a conspiracy in New Orleans?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well done.
You're making the front page.
It's not pretty.
We have been awarded $8000 in travel and investigation costs since November 1966.
At the Archives, they recovered our spending commitments.
Shaw piped them.
Or Ferrie, Martin or Andrews.
We didn't see Ruby because of them and they piss us off for $8000?
They could understand what we're doing!
There's no point in getting upset.
Well, it changes everything, doesn't it?
Either we give up, or we face heavy artillery together.
Remember that it can affect your careers, your lives to all.
If one of you wants to pick up now, I assure you I won't blame him.
I'll hand you over to business.
So it's decided, thank you.
It's very important to me.
I'm giving this office $6000 on my National Guard savings, so I can go on.
I'll give lectures to bring back money.
They're knocking at the door, the phone keeps ringing.
No confirmation, no denial, nothing to declare.
I'm going home to work in peace.
Mr Garrison's silence raises some questions.
At taxpayers' expense, did he find any new evidence?
Or does he keep what he knows to develop at the national level?
Mr. Garrison should explain himself.
Did you give them that shit?
- Who is it?
- You know it, damn it!
Since you're the only guy in the gang who's legit, answer it!
Is that from you?
You think we're crazy?
This is a zoo full of journalists.
You think we want this?
Someone gave the news to the press!
I can't go home!
This vermin is everywhere!
What did you do to me?
Take it easy, Dave.
Now I'm screwed, a dead man!
Your name isn't even mentioned, don't go too fast.
Meet us at the Fontainebleau Hotel in 20 minutes.
I guarantee the boss will protect you.
He likes your mind.
I don't know who to trust anymore.
I think a coffee would do me good, and a couple of Lucky packages.
So, what's new?
Who are you afraid of?
Everyone.
CIA, Mafia, Cubans, follow the Cubans.
See on their side.
Here in Miami, Dallas.
One named Eladio Del Valle.
The treasurer, for my missions to Cuba.
You're on the right track.
Don't write that down!
I don't cooperate with anyone!
There's a contract for my execution!
Don't you understand?
You don't have a microphone, do you?
I'm regular.
You should drop off, but there's no hurry.
- I don't sleep since that paper.
Why did you involve me?
We, or Clay Shaw?
Auntie's bitch.
He's got me in the balls.
Steady photos.
And he'll use it.
The CIA isn't kidding.
I met Oswald on my air patrol.
I trained him.
It's a visionary.
For the others, he was a bugger.
He was talking about his daughter.
He wanted her to have a chance.
What is it?
Nobody comes in, Dave.
Black, pass it to me.
My neck hurts...
I'm working on mice for treatment.
Did you work for the CIA?
As if it were ancient history!
We're not leaving the Agency.
When you're there, it's for life.
Shaw's an untouchable.
Higher level.
Shaw, Oswald, the Cubans, all from the Agency.
What about Ruby?
Jack was a pimp!
A dealer for the Mafia.
Arms trafficking for Castro, who almost was with us, and then we tried to kill him.
Everybody flips his jacket.
The joke!
What about the Mafia in there?
Of the Agency, too!
CIA and Mafia, ally to liquidate the beard.
You have no idea!
Find out more about Operation Mangouse.
Something from the Pentagon.
But who leads who?
"Which mortal canvas tends, to the school of intelligence."
Who killed Kennedy?
Stop it, damn it!
It's too big for you, okay?
Who killed the President?
It's a mystery wrapped in a riddle inside a riddle!
Even the killers don't know!
Don't you understand?
Shit!
I'm done.
They're gonna kill me, damn it!
I'm going to die!
Damn it!
I don't know what happened.
All I wanted... in the world... was to be a Catholic priest.
Live in a monastery. Pray.
Serving God.
But I had a... bitch, a... a terrible weakness!
And I got defrocated!
And it all started to get out of here.
It's okay, Dave.
We'll protect you, I guarantee.
They'll get you, too.
You will destroy.
They're untouchable.
I'm so tired that I can see more clearly.
A little early for the fat Tuesday.
Paris Match, first French magazine.
Literatournaya Gazeta, Moscow.
You know who killed Kennedy?
Mr. Garrison's taken.
Someone's putting pressure on Ferrie.
If we don't act, he won't hold.
He's always changing, he can't drop off.
Susie, be polite.
Ferrie's going to keep getting out, we'll get him when he cracks.
Now he's in danger of crashing, and that's our best asset.
We need to protect him full time.
We can't.
I know what you're going through with Ferrie.
We'll talk about it tomorrow.
For Washington.
A guy who says he's closely related to all this, but refuses to come here.
I'm on Del Valle's track in Miami.
I need more men.
I don't even have anything to protect Ferrie.
I gave him my word.
It's our file!
I have something to show you.
You're going to be very interested.
We found this in your office.
The meeting room, the phone... we're gonna have to neutralize everything.
The DA's office is wired!
It's a scandal!
We'll have to be more careful.
All these new volunteers...
Take care of this.
I don't have time for this circus.
It's clear we're worried about these bastards.
I'm coming to Washington!
David Ferrie is dead.
We found his body in his house.
What's up, Nick?
There's no evidence of violence.
Infarction, or aneurysm... natural causes.
No recipient, no signature.
"Leave this life is a happiness for me.
"I can't find anything desirable, but everything is abject.
"Every day, propaganda takes us off with crime..."
A little flowery for Dave.
Proloid.
I took it for hypothyroidism.
It increases metabolism.
What do you think, David Ferrie had low metabolism?
Rather the opposite.
Hypertension.
Ferrie was the only one expressing remorse in the case.
That's what killed him.
More bad news from Miami.
We found the Cuban, Eladio Del Valle, massacred with machetes.
Tortured, shot at close range, the skull split with the axe.
Another word.
Neither name nor signature.
"When you read this, I will be dead, and no answer will be possible.
"I offered love..."
Nick, a question.
If a guy with high blood pressure swallows a vial of Proloid?
He dies very quickly.
Cardiac fibrillation or cerebral haemorrhage.
Can we find out if he swallowed Proloid?
Not with a simple autopsy.
If there's iodine in the cerebrospinal fluid...
What do you think, Jim?
I don't know, it doesn't make sense.
A guy who's afraid to die and kills himself without leaving traces?
And leave two unsigned words?
If it's a suicide, I've seen more twisted.
I mean, he's gone, and we don't have a file anymore.
Unless we attack Shaw.
What testimony?
Willie O'Keefe, a prostitute?
Jack Martin, a drunk, Vernon Bundy, a drug addict?
Shaw is respected.
By the newspapers, by the Bar Association.
Bill's right.
If we wait, Shaw'll get shot!
How many people are dead so you can understand?
Ferrie killed herself!
Where are you going?
I don't know, Bill.
I don't know.
Frank, you're wasting your time.
Jim gave orders: no one from the FBI.
I want to see you.
The boss would kill me if he knew that.
Your boss has a big problem.
We know what's going on with you.
I guess you don't have anything.
I'm talking to you as a friend.
You're on the Titanic.
Jump before being destroyed with Garrison.
We're talking about your career.
You're young.
You follow the Castro track.
We know it wasn't Oswald who fired.
It's Castro.
But if you know, there'll be a war.
Millions of deaths.
It's fucking more important than Jim Garrison.
Look at me when I'm talking to you!
Shut up!
If you have a brain in your thick skull, listen to me.
Come on, get in.
Thanks for coming.
Sorry about the precautions.
I hope it was worth it, Mr....?
I won't give you a fake name.
I've already been warned by the CIA.
I'm not from the Agency.
And I guess if you've come, you're interested in what I have to say.
I won't name anyone, I won't say who I represent.
But I'll say you're burning.
More than you think.
Everything I'm gonna tell you is top secret. I've been a soldier.
In two wars.
One of the men of the shadows in the Pentagon, who provide equipment, planes, bullets, rifles, for what is called "black operations".
Murder, coups d'état, rigged elections, propaganda, psychological warfare...
Second War: I was in Romania, Greece, Yugoslavia.
I helped evacuate the Nazi intelligence apparatus.
And we used it against the communists.
Italy, 48: We faked the elections.
France, 49: the strikes were broken.
Arbenz in Guatemala,
Mossadegh in Iran.
Vietnam 1954,
Indonesia 1958, Tibet 1959.
We pulled out the Dalai Lama.
We were good.
Very good.
Then the Cuban case, less good, we set the bases for the invasion.
Set in October 62.
Khrushchev sent the missiles, Kennedy retreated.
We found our tail in the air.
Lots of sick people, you understand?
I'll be there later.
So, 1963.
I spent much of September working on Kennedy's plan to evacuate American personnel from Vietnam before the end of 65.
This is one of the essential documents of the Kennedy administration: withdrawal of the first 1,000 staff for Christmas.
But in November, a week after President Diem's assassination in Saigon, fifteen days before our President's, something strange happened to me.
You wanted to see me, sir?
You're going to the South Pole.
Dr. Mooney has all the details, see with him.
Have a good holiday.
My superior, let's call him Y, General Y sent me to the South Pole, to escort a group of international VIPs.
I was coming home from New Zealand during the assassination.
Oswald was charged at 7:00 p.m. Dallas time with the murder of Tippit.
That's 2:00 the next day, New Zealand.
But the newspapers there already had everything about this 24-year-old unknown, Oswald: photos, biography, Russian information, and seemed sure that he had killed the President alone, although he was charged with this crime only four hours later.
It looked like the kind of cover we made in the Black Ops.
When I returned, I wondered why I, Chief of Special Operations, had been chosen to do a job that others could have done.
Was it because I would normally have been in charge of strengthening security in Texas?
And I learned that someone told the Intelligence Group, HQ 4th Army, Fort Sam Houston, not to move, despite the commander's protests, Colonel Reich.
This is revealing, because, according to normal procedure, in a hostile city like Dallas, we support the Secret Service.
Even if we agreed to run it over, we'd have posted 100 or 200 agents.
A month before, in Dallas, Adlai Stevenson had been molested.
Plus the attacks on de Gaulle.
We'd have come to study the route, inspect the houses.
We would have placed our shooters, reported the slightest window open.
No packets, bent logs, coats on the arm.
No one would have opened an umbrella!
The limousine would never have slowed to 16 km/h or made that weird turn to Elm St.
We'd have felt the army on the streets, but none of this was done.
In violation of our basic codes of protection.
And that's the best clue of a huge plot in Dallas.
Who was in the best position to do that?
Black agents, people in my branch.
My superior could call Reich:
"Another unit deals with security.
You, don't move." Besides, there were people from the Army in Dallas that day.
Who and why?
They weren't protecting a client, and then Oswald.
Our intelligence had Oswald in his files.
Everything was destroyed.
Things were happening, and your Oswald had nothing to do with it.
The firm went to the Far East.
A third of the division, returning from Germany, flew over the United States at the time of the crime.
At 12:34 p.m., telephone failure in Washington, for an hour.
And on the plane returning to Washington, the White House informed Johnson that there was only one murderer.
Coincidents, do you think?
Of course not.
The firm abroad: diversion.
Troops, to watch riots.
The phone was cut off, to avoid rumors in case of failure, nothing was left to chance.
He didn't have to get out alive.
Nothing was the same after that.
Vietnam started for good, there was an air of... concealment, the Pentagon and the CIA...
We veterans knew the Warren Commission was a fiction.
But there was something... deeper, more ugly.
I've known Allen Dulles well, on many files.
But why name him to investigate the death of the man who chased him?
By the way, Dulles was the benefactor of General Y.
I left in '64.
I quit.
I couldn't see how Kennedy threatened the establishment.
That's why?
That's the real question: why?
The way and who are only there to amuse the public.
Oswald, Ruby, Cuba, the Mafia... it's a riddle, a board game.
It distracts from the essentials: why?
Why did we kill Kennedy, who took advantage of it?
Who has the power to stifle the case?
In 1961, just after the Bay of Pigs, very few people know that, I helped draft National Security Memoranda 55, 56 and 57.
Essential documents, classified as top secret.
Kennedy informed the Chief of the Interarms Staff that from now on, the Chiefs of Staff would be responsible for paramilitary actions in peacetime.
It was the end of the reign of the CIA, broken, as JFK had promised, in a thousand pieces.
And he ordered the military to help him.
You can't imagine the shock wave in the alleys of power.
That, and the dismissal of Dulles, Bissell and Cabell.
Sacred cows of intelligence since the war.
It was the panic.
These directives have never been implemented because of bureaucratic resistance.
But as a result, the Cuban operation was returned to my department under the name Operation Mangouse.
Strictly a black operation.
Its secret base was the campus of the University of Miami, the largest CIA station in the United States. An annual budget of hundreds of millions.
300 agents, 7,000 Cubans, 50 companies to launder money.
It was a war without respite against Castro, sabotage, burnt harvests, everything.
Under the control of General Y. He just transposed the rules of secret war abroad in our country.
He had the men, the equipment, the bases, and the motivation.
Do not neglect Kennedy's budget cuts in March 1963.
52 bases in 25 states, 21 bases abroad.
How many helicopters have been lost in Vietnam?
Who makes them?
Bell Helicopter, that is, Bell was ruined.
A Boston bank offered the CIA to produce this helicopter for Indochina.
General Dynamics.
Owner?
Defence budget since the beginning of the war: 75 to 100 billion.
We'll have spent 200 before the end.
In 1949, it was 10 billion.
No war, no money.
The organizing principle of any society is the war effort.
The authority of the state lies in its warrior power.
Kennedy wanted to end the cold war.
Stop the space competition, cooperate with the USSR.
He signed the ban on nuclear testing, refused to invade Cuba in 62, and was preparing for Vietnam's withdrawal.
But it all ended on November 22, 1963.
By 1961, they knew Kennedy would not wage war in Asia.
Like Caesar, he is surrounded by enemies.
What's getting ready doesn't have a face, but everybody knows.
Forget your troops.
He told McNamara he was going to take the advisers off!
He fucked us in Laos, now he's gonna fuck us in Vietnam!
He can't afford it until he's re-elected.
It went off the fire in the Security Council.
I didn't want to miss this.
Lemnitzer...
Kennedy tried to humiliate him by saying:
"If we haven't gone to Cuba, who's so close, why go to Vietnam, who's so far away?"
Son of a bitch, he's playing on fear.
Lem said the Chiefs of Staff still want to go to Cuba, there's money at stake.
A lot.
A hundred billion dollars.
Kennedy was targeting his key ridings.
Contracts for the TFX were only given to the counties that would weigh in 64.
The others responded.
Let's check Saigon's intelligence.
Don't let McNamara piss us off!
When he goes to Saigon on a fact-finding mission, when he returns, he scares the president.
Max Taylor stick to his ass, like a shit fly.
If we control McNamara, we control Kennedy.
It was in the air.
Industrialists, bankers, some conversations.
Phone calls.
Maybe to my superior, General Y.
We need your help.
When?
Autumn.
Probably in the South.
- Prepare us a plan.
Cells.
Nobody said,
"He must die." No vote, nothing is written.
No one's responsible.
Old as crucifixion.
A firing squad: five bullets, one to blank, no one is guilty.
Those who know, in the hierarchy, have plausible denial.
No contacts, except at the most secret point.
But above all, we must succeed.
Whatever the victims and the cost, the conspirators must be victorious. Never liable to prosecution, per person. A coup d'état.
Kennedy announced his trip to Texas in September.
False Oswalds pop up in Dallas, where the mayor and the cops are acquired.
General Y's sending the assassins.
Maybe from our special camp near Athens, maybe from the Cubans, the Mafia.
Separate teams.
No matter who fired, which roof.
It's the set.
I'm thinking so far... Tuesday, November 26th.
The day after the funeral.
Gentlemen, I won't let it happen in Vietnam like in China.
And I won't take a soldier out until they know we're serious.
Johnson signed the memorandum that reversed Kennedy's withdrawal policy and gave the green light for action in Vietnam, hence the Gulf of Tonkin incident.
Get me elected, you'll have your damn war.
This document contained the Vietnam War.
I can't... believe we killed him because he wanted change.
Today, in our country.
We kill kings.
Politics is power, nothing more!
Don't believe me on my word.
Do your job, think about it.
It's huge... it's over my head.
Drop it.
No chance.
They'd gag me, maybe they'd put me in the asylum, or worse.
You too.
I can give you the background.
Find the foreground.
You're the first one to take action for Kennedy's murder.
History.
I'm not there yet.
I don't have a very solid file.
You don't have a choice anymore.
You're a threat to national security.
We'd have killed you, but you're in sight.
They want to ruin your credibility, they've already started.
Your only chance is to have a file.
Anything.
Make arrests.
Move the shit.
Trigger a chain reaction, get people to talk.
The government will crack.
Don't forget: in the end, people love the truth.
And the truth is on your side.
I hope it works.
You're accused of conspiracy and conspiracy to assassinate President John F. Kennedy.
We have a search warrant.
I have to inform you that you have the right to remain silent... name, first names?
Is it pseudonyms, Clay Bertrand?
Mr. Clark, do you know the DA Garrison charges?
Yes, Mr. Shaw was included in our investigation.
No relationship has been established.
Why, in this case, does not his name appear in the 26 volumes of the Warren Report, if only to whiten him?
This Attorney General wouldn't have a place on my team.
He has not presented anything that contradicts our conclusions.
I don't know anything that refutes the Commission's argument that Oswald was the only killer.
I congratulate Mr Shaw.
In general, witnesses such as a Chief Justice, who is not under oath and cannot perjury, are expected to appear before the hearing.
Are you aware of a violation of the country's credit?
Should we protect a government that lies to the people?
A country is dangerous, if you can no longer trust anyone, or tell the truth.
Justice be done, even if the sky must collapse!
The plot against JFK. Jim Garrison's thesis.
Following an investigation in New Orleans, our envoys learned that DA Jim Garrison and his team intimidated, bought and even drugged witnesses to establish a plot involving businessman Clay Shaw in the murder of John Kennedy.
John Chancler, Willie O'Keefe's cellmate.
He said he'd be released if he talked to the DA.
I had him locked up for burglary.
And here's her friend Torres.
We locked him up, too.
If I said Shaw was Bertrand, they made me feel sorry.
Janet Williams comments on O'Keefe, who allegedly met Oswald.
Not the Lee I knew.
Mr. O'Keefe must have seen someone he took for Oswald.
I didn't talk to anyone after the murder.
I was on sedatives.
Like I told the FBI, that call was my invention.
For me, he's a mentally ill person.
He uses half of his brain to make evidence, and then he convinces the other half that the fake is the real one.
Don't worry, there's only 20 to 30 million spectators.
My reputation is saved with the audience of Laugh In.
Is Mr. Garrison linked to the Mafia?
The more we look at it, the more we see that it has destroyed reputations, sown fear and suspicion and, worse still, exploited the pain and doubts of the nation.
Jim Garrison said:
Justice be done, even if the sky must collapse!
So do we.
The "dream" of Martin Luther King, expressed dramatically in 1963, during the march on Washington, was broken tonight in Memphis by the bullet of a murderer.
According to the police, the shot was fired on the other side of the street.
We found a rifle, with a sighted bezel, on the sidewalk.
Is that Jim Garrison's daughter?
Virginia or Elizabeth?
You're lucky.
Your dad put you in a beauty contest.
Oh, my God!
What did they do?
It's lynching time.
Sounds fun.
You're out of school at 3:00, who's that?
Mom, I'm gonna be in a beauty contest.
Who is this?
Did you register Virginia in a beauty contest?
Some guy called, he wanted to know everything.
Martin Luther King was killed.
We threatened your daughter, a call from a sick man.
At the office, it doesn't stop.
Home!
A kidnapper, a murderer!
They're always cowards.
It's nothing.
You don't know what's going on here anymore!
All Louisiana's Klan is going to hunt us down!
I'll take the kids and I'll go.
I can't take it anymore.
The government wants you to be scared!
Everyone's afraid to talk, he's counting on it.
You mustn't be afraid.
Your own daughter.
What kind of man are you?
I'll take them to my mom's, if you'll be all right for a week.
I'll change the locks, the phone.
I'll put a guard on.
Before that, nothing was more important than your kids.
Jasper was talking to you, you didn't even see him!
He came to see me sobbing.
- I promise I'll take the time.
Is it such a chore?
If I say I'll take the time for him, I'll take it!
I'm not against you!
I'm trying to get to you!
You've changed.
Of course I've changed!
I opened my eyes!
And what seemed normal seems insane.
Now, King!
There's a connection, don't you see?
I don't want to see!
I'm tired.
I've got my account.
You're destroying this Shaw's life because he's gay.
I'm not attacking him for that!
Did you think about how he feels?
You don't believe me?
You never believed me!
I just want our children to have a normal life!
I want my life!
Me too, for God's sake!
I have a life, too!
You can't bury your head in the sand like an ostrich!
The question is not our comfort! Our two cars, the TVs, the kitchen!
It's because our kids grow up surrounded by lies!
It's messing with my life.
And if you understood, you'd see yours, too.
You never spoke to me like that.
If you don't follow me, then don't threaten me with the kids.
I'm not threatening you, I'm leaving you!
All right, go away!
Go hide!
Go join the others!
Enough people will tell you I'm crazy!
You won't have a problem with the divorce!
But someone has to react!
We're leaving, Dad?
I don't know, Jasper.
Because of Kennedy?
The same people are gonna kill us?
Nobody's gonna kill us.
I'm scared.
I don't like it when you fight.
I know, neither do I.
Why are we leaving, you don't love us anymore?
Dad loves you both.
There's nothing wrong with being a little scared.
To tell the truth is something that can be scary.
It scared Kennedy, and he was a brave man.
But if we're too scared, we let the bad guys take over the country.
So everybody's scared.
Stay with Mom, Dad.
One more.
The Washington Attorney rejects our assignment to Dulles, Cabell, the CIA director, FBI agents.
A pig can only growl.
Without them, Shaw's ties to the CIA could not be proven.
We have never been denied an extradition request.
We didn't bring Julia Mercer, too risky for her.
Judging by the fate of others.
He's our best witness.
I just don't want to.
What else?
Your insult letters, and your fan letters.
Well, boredom is a tax check on your income.
I expected it two months ago.
And they're wasting their time.
The National Guard wants me to resign after 18 years.
Maybe it's better, but it's never been worth the fight.
While this, yes.
Anything on Oswald and Shaw?
We saw them in Clinton in September.
The Civil Rights Movement organized a call for votes.
Shaw and some guy in the area were trading guns to discredit the movement.
We don't know what they were doing here, but they didn't go unnoticed.
Whites and blacks saw them...
On my last trip, it wasn't forbidden to vote.
We still have... the black junkie, Vernon Bundy, who saw him talk by Pontchartrain Lake, but it's hard.
- No one wants to talk about Shaw...
- You're talking, but you're not digging!
- You're not searching.
- You want my job?
Go on, I'll take yours!
Clinton, this is progress.
Shaw denies knowing Ferrie or Oswald, right?
It proves he's lying.
Stay on it, Bill.
Oswald went to the FBI 15 days before the murder.
Special Agent Hosty.
He's not here.
Hosty seems to have gone to Janet Williams three times, allegedly to watch Marina.
Oswald left a note.
According to Hosty, he ordered him not to interrogate Marina any more in his absence.
She's not American, maybe she was threatened to be extradited.
But what did that word say?
Hosty tore it up and threw it to the toilet.
What if the word describes the attack on JFK?
Think!
That's the only reason to destroy him.
If it had been a threat, they would have kept it.
Because it reinforced the thesis of the isolated lunatic.
What about his meeting with Quigley in New Orleans?
That agent also destroyed his notes.
It can be assumed not only that Oswald was an indicator, but that he was the source of the telex of 17 November announcing the attack on Kennedy in Dallas on 22.
The local FBI night guard gave me a copy of it.
It's been aired all over the country, nothing's been done.
It's not even in the Report.
"...has established that a revolutionary group will attempt to assassinate Kennedy
After the murder, the telex was removed from the files in every city, because it was embarrassing for the FBI.
I think Oswald informed them by Hosty.
From the start, he had infiltrated this group of right-wing Cuban extremists.
He was ordered to be at the deposit of books to prevent the murder, or to participate in it.
We could tell him that we were going to stop them, or simulate an attack so that public opinion would force Kennedy to change his policy towards communism.
It doesn't matter what we told him.
He had orders.
He was a infantryman.
We can't miss.
It's like he's dead.
I can't believe it.
Would the FBI cover this?
A telex that disappears from every office in the country?
It has a name: orders.
Don't you have enough evidence of FBI complicity?
Respect for our institutions!
How would there be a conspiracy between the Mafia, the CIA, the FBI and the Army, when we don't keep a secret here, twelve!
We're gonna plead.
And what do we got?
Oswald, Ruby, Banister, Ferrie are dead.
Shaw may be an agent, but he's exposed to blackmail because of his homosexuality.
Shaw is a first link.
I don't know his exact role, but he's lying and I won't let him go.
Is that why you're gonna plead?
You're gonna lose!
Let's follow the Mafia trail here.
This is otherwise more plausible than the government.
Ruby's from the Mafia, he knows Oswald, he traps him.
Hoffa, Trafficant, Marcello hire killers, kill Kennedy.
The government crushes the blow, because he used the Mafia against Castro.
Castro murdered by the Mafia, by us, Mr. All-the-world won't swallow that.
So we're closing the Kennedy case.
Everything's holding up.
I'm sure the Mafia is, but at a lower level.
Would the Mafia change the course?
Would the President's protection be out of the way?
Could she send Oswald to Russia and bring him back?
Force the FBI, the CIA, the Dallas police to mess up the investigation, get the Warren Commission appointed to cover everything?
Could she destroy the autopsy, anesthetize the media?
And since when does the Mafia no longer use .38 calibres?
She wouldn't have the guts or the power for something that big.
Killers need salaries, schedules, orders.
It's an ambush of military style.
A coup, with Johnson waiting behind the scenes.
Johnson's an accomplice, the president of the United States.
I know he got a billion of his friends from Texas to clear Cam-ranh Bay.
You call the president a murderer?
If I'm wrong, why did the FBI tap us?
Why are these witnesses bought or murdered?
Why are we blocking our demands and assignments?
Maybe an uncontrolled element in the government...
With a whole plot to cover up?
Did you read Shakespeare?
Julius Caesar? "Brutus and Cassius,
"They too, honorable men."
Who killed Caesar?
Ten, twelve senators.
Just a Judas.
A few well-placed individuals, Pentagon, CIA.
We're in Louisiana.
Where do you know who your dad is?
Because Mom said so.
You're pedaling in the semolina!
And I don't, anyway.
I always doubted Bill.
He's always been against us.
We need him.
He lost a month looking for connections between the Mafia, Ruby and the Hunt oil.
I don't want that.
Bill has all my esteem, like every one of you.
It's time to listen to other people's ideas, too.
And now, Jerry, this is Jim Garrison, District Attorney of New Orleans.
You're investigating the assassination of President Kennedy.
I admit, strange noises have come from your office.
First, Cuban exiles had killed the President, then the Mafia, and according to your latest theory, it seems that the CIA, the FBI, the Pentagon, and the White House were plotting a plot to kill him.
Tell me, is there anyone, except Lee Oswald, who didn't conspire to kill the President?
Let's just say one thing:
I don't beat my wife anymore.
Ask Lyndon Johnson, he's got answers.
It has been reported in media known for their seriousness, Times, Newsweek, right here on NBC, that you have gone far beyond the legal means as a prosecutor, that you intimidated, drugged witnesses, bought them and incited them to perjury.
Do you have an answer?
Your faith in the media is touching.
It shows that innocence has not disappeared.
Ask yourself:
If we had learned, on November 22, 1963, that the head of the USSR had been killed by an isolated capitalist sympathizer, himself shot down by a patriot Moscovite within 48 hours, in front of the police, it would be obvious to any observer that a coup d'état, a palace revolution, took place in the USSR.
We wouldn't attack Jim Garrison or his past.
In a free society, we would demand to know the truth, and what forces have played.
Some might think you're paranoid.
I'll show you some pictures, you'll understand what I'm talking about.
These arrests... the photos were taken a few minutes after the attack.
I'm sorry, Jim, we can't...
Of course I do.
Sorry... we can't.
There are libel laws.
These men were arrested in Dallas after the attack, and never seen again.
No print, no photo, no prints.
Wait a minute.
- we're back after the commercial.
- Who were they?
Bill, what are you doing here?
Sorry about the other day.
I didn't mean to let you down.
Did you come all the way here to tell me this evidence?
We're gonna try to kill you between here and New Orleans.
The Mafia killers were brought by Shaw from Canada.
You need a bodyguard.
In the army, did you learn what an order is?
Do you remember my order?
On my team, no rumors about murder plans.
There's no buts in a military situation!
I don't appreciate you throwing that shit at me.
Or that you're unable to obey an order, which makes me pay with my pocket for your return to New Orleans. Let's take care of your ticket.
I just wanted to protect you.
Ask for a receipt!
Quick, he's here!
Jim, where are you going?
- You've been in there since...
- Not your business!
Bad news.
Bill's been turned over.
He gave everything we got to the FBI.
We peeled the memos, there was nothing left.
His lodger says that bastard got away like this.
He dumped everything.
Unbelievable.
Maddy, get Mr. Garrison a drink, something scared him.
Bill doesn't scare himself like that.
He's been manipulated, he's never been smart.
He got us.
Don't turn down, turn up the sound.
We want to see this.
He wins!
He'll never make it.
Or he'll be killed.
He'll stop the war.
They'll kill him before they let him elect.
With Broussard, they have everything.
All our witnesses, our strategy for the trial.
For the wrong leads.
We can't plead!
We don't have a chance!
I don't agree.
I agree with Al.
This time, we're not gonna make it.
Remember the Old Man and the Sea, Hemingway.
The old fisherman manages to catch a fish so big that he must attach it to the side of the boat.
But when it reached the shore, the sharks ate the fish.
All that's left is the skeleton, and that's what's going to happen to us.
Why did we go through all this trouble?
We have a goal.
It's a war on two fronts.
In court, little hope of getting Shaw to plot.
In court of opinion, it will take 25 to 30 years for the truth to appear.
But we'll have done the first shot.
What if you're wrong?
I didn't think so for a moment.
Will you come to trial?
I don't think so.
A partial count gives Senator Robert Kennedy 48% against Senator McCarthy 41%. According to our projections,
Kennedy won the California primarys.
In the United States, over the past three years, we have seen division, violence, disenchantment towards our society, divisions between black and white, between poor and better off, or in the war in Vietnam... let's act together.
We are a great country, a generous country, and that will be the basis of my campaign.
Thank you all.
Now, let's win in Chicago!
We shot Senator Kennedy!
They killed him, honey.
He won... and they killed Robert Kennedy.
They shot him.
Both of you?
The two brothers?
You were right.
It's not over yet.
For the first time... I'm really scared.
I wish I loved you more.
Sometimes I feel like I've never loved you... you and the kids.
I'm sorry.
Orléans Court of Appeal, the hearing is open.
President, Judge Edward A. Haggerty.
It's Clay Bertrand.
The man I saw at Ferrie's.
That you said you saw.
He's a registered homosexual.
Sentenced for soliciting.
A man who lied about everything, and wants to be believed on word.
He was at the Pontchartrain wall, with the president's killer.
I recognize him because he was drinking.
Heroinoman stinging in front of the wall.
He barely knew where he was.
Is that the man?
He dropped Oswald in front of the polling station.
They were the only white people around that morning.
With his big black Cadillac, I thought it was the FBI.
If we can help you...
He said he was a representative of the International Trade Mart.
More than five years ago, for two minutes?
Unsure, for the least.
I made it up.
I said, "Oyster splinters you.
"You look like you, but not the words."
Bertrand's not Shaw, scout's word.
Tell him.
We had Andrews sentenced for perjury.
The case is on appeal!
Mr. Goldberg, you say you saw Ferrie and Shaw on vacation.
You drank, and you talked about killing Kennedy.
- That's right.
Did you take your daughter's fingerprints when she left?
- Yeah, it's true.
And you took them back when he came back at the end of the semester?
Why?
To make sure she was the same girl she left.
One of Broussard's witnesses.
He had his reason at the time of his statement.
We call Agent Aloysius Habighorst.
I'm asking the jury to leave the room.
His lawyer wasn't there.
We always ask for pseudonyms!
Nicknames?
Clay Bertrand.
The constitution does not require a lawyer for these formalities!
Ed, this is our case!
If that's it, you didn't have a file.
Besides, I wouldn't believe Habighorst!
You're saying that in court!
Bring the jury in!
Oswald?
Did you call Dean Andrews?
Have you ever seen David Ferrie?
I wouldn't recognize him without the photos I was shown.
Did you use the nickname Clay Bertrand?
No.
A great actor just made a big number, but we're no closer to the truth.
Note that my office is charging Clay Shaw with perjury for his fifteen answers, where there is no real word.
I'll call you back, Jim!
To prove that there was a conspiracy involving Clay Shaw, we have to prove that more than one man was involved in the murder.
For that, we need to see Zapruder's film, which I ordered.
America...
America didn't see this movie, which remained locked up for five years in a safe in the Time-Life building.
There's a reason for that.
Look.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
The Commission believed the file was closed in advance.
Three bullets, one murderer.
But two unforeseen incidents made this impossible.
First, the 8-mm film taken by Zapruder, which was standing near the grassy hill.
Then, the third wounded, J. Teague, touched by a shrapnel while he was near the bridge.
The 5"6 interval established by the film excluded a fourth shot.
The fragment that injured Teague at the cheek was to come from one of the three bullets fired from the depot.
Which leaves only two bullets, one of which is the fatal blow to the head that killed Kennedy.
There's only one bullet left.
She has to explain the seven other injuries that Kennedy and Connally have.
But rather than admitting a conspiracy or investigating, the Commission accepted the theory of an ambitious adviser, Arlen Spector.
One of the most gross lies imposed on America.
That's the magic ball theory.
The magic bullet enters the President's back, at an angle of 17° down.
Then she goes up, comes out of Kennedy's body through the front of the neck, wound number 2; and wait there for 1"6, probably in the open air, before turning right, then left and entering Connally's right armpit.
Injuries No. 3.
The ball turns 27° down, breaks a coast of Connally and exits from the right side of the chest, injury #4.
Then she turns right, enters Connally's right wrist, injury number 5, breaking her radius.
She comes out of the wrist, injury number 6, makes a hairpin turn and burrows in Connally's thigh, injury number 7, from which she falls later and is found almost intact
One hell of a bullet!
Anyone who's been on fire will tell you that we've never seen such a ridiculous bullet.
But the government says it can prove it in the lab.
Of course.
In theoretical physics, an elephant hangs from a cliff with its tail tied to a marguerite.
But use your eyes, your common sense.
Army experts made comparative shots.
No bullet had that aspect.
Examine Exhibit 856.
An identical bullet, shot in the wrist of a corpse.
Only one of the bones broken by the magic bullet.
There were seven injuries.
Hard skin, thick bones.
The explanation by the single bullet founded the thesis of a single shooter, supported by the Commission.
If we conclude that the magic bullet did not cause 7 injuries, it follows that there is a 4th bullet, and a 2nd shooter.
If there's a second shooter, by definition, there's a plot in which we believe the defendant, Clay Shaw, is involved.
51 witnesses heard gunshots from the hill on the right in front of the President.
Key witnesses?
Charles Brehm, veteran.
Behind, Jean Hill and Mary Moorman.
H.M. Holland, Richard Dodd, James Simmons, on deck.
J.C. Price, who's seen the whole square.
William Newman, father of two children, who sets himself on the ground on Elm St.
Abraham Zapruder.
Each witness is categorical: one or more shots came from behind the palisade.
26 qualified interns at Parkland Hospital saw the back of the President's skull smashed!
Dr. Peters.
There was a 7 cm-diameter hole in the occipito-parietal zone.
A fifth or even a quarter of the back of the skull was blown, with corresponding brain tissue.
There was a fragment of skull bones attached to the scalp.
The outlet, at the back of the skull, was approximately 120 mm, or five inches wide.
All the civilian doctors at Parkland Hospital saw in the neck injury an entrance opening.
Illegally, the autopsy took place in Washington.
During a coup, there is a big difference between an autopsy performed by civilians and an autopsy performed by military officers.
Love Field's Air Force One takeoff this Friday looked like a leak, with the new president on board.
Objection!
Granted.
On the plane, Oswald's guilt was announced from the White House before any investigation began.
The thesis of the solitaire "disaxed" was created.
Mr. Garrison, pack the vitriol!
The three doctors chosen by the military had no experience of gunshot wounds in combat.
Their autopsy explained eight wounds by two bullets.
Three for Kennedy, five for Connally, one of the bullets being the "magic ball."
- FBI?
Colonel Finck, did someone tell you not to dissect the neck?
The family wanted a head exam.
Half of the brain is missing.
Let's weigh it.
653 grams.
A pathologist is required to investigate all possible causes of death.
I had the cause of death.
Please ask the witness to answer my question.
Why didn't he look at the bullet's path?
I heard Dr. Hume...
That's enough.
It's noted.
Let's see the back.
I feel the bottom of the wound with my finger.
That won't be necessary.
Killed in the back.
You son of a bitch.
Who's in charge here?
Me.
I forgot his name.
You understand, it was a lot of people.
In such a case, the examination of the dead President, people are not going to be asked their name and function.
You were a qualified pathologist.
But you obeyed him.
So he was running the autopsy?
No, there were others.
Others, admirals.
And when you're a colonel, you follow orders.
We don't have to discuss this with anyone.
It was Admiral Kenney, a doctor-general, who told us specifically not to talk about the case.
A lot of people decided what didn't look at the American people.
Cdr Hughes, chief pathologist, admits that he deliberately burned his autopsy notes.
By order of President Johnson, the bullet-screened limousine, full of clues, was immediately washed.
He's sending John Connally's complete to clean up.
The Department of Justice denied us access to the autopsy photos.
When we can finally examine the President's brain at the Archives, hoping to find out where the bullet came from, the government, your government, tells us that the brain has disappeared.
Something else has disappeared at the same time:
the idea of justice.
Mr. Garrison insults the government...
What happened that day?
Let's ask ourselves a moment.
There's the epileptic, around 12:15, which occupies the police, making it easier to set up the shooters.
The epileptic disappeared without going to the hospital.
Team A wins the 5th floor.
There was work in the depot, leading to a return of unknown workers.
They set up a few minutes before the attack.
The second watchman, who ensures radio contact, has the best view.
God's point of view.
Team B, a shooter and a watchman, having access to the building, are located on a lower floor of the Daltex Building.
Team C, behind the palisade, dominates the grass mound. Shooter and watchman are seen by Lee Bowers from his post.
They have the best place.
Kennedy is close, on a low path.
The team has a coordinator, who showed up a police card and evacuated the parking area.
Two or three men are in the crowd of Elm St.
Ten to twelve men.
Three teams, three shooters.
A crossfire discussed by Shaw and Ferrie two months ago.
They know the place by the centimeter.
They set their shot, rehearsed on a mobile target.
They're ready.
The procession turns from Main St. to Houston St.
It's a fair shot.
They don't shoot Houston, the easiest shot for a shooter alone at the depot.
They're waiting for him to be caught between three fires.
He's taking the last turn to Elm St.
It slows down to 18 km/h.
The shooters on Dealey Plaza are on the line, waiting for the radio signal:
Green, or Cancelled.
The first one's off.
Looks like an engine failure. The car's missing.
Image 161: Kennedy interrupts, he hears a noise.
Connally turns his head to the right.
Image 193, 2nd bullet: Kennedy hit to the throat.
Image 225: After the sign, we see that the President is injured.
The third shot, image 232, reached
Kennedy in the back, projecting him forward.
Connally doesn't seem touched.
He's holding his Stetson, which is impossible if his wrist is broken.
Connally turns.
Image 238, the 4th bullet.
She misses Kennedy, hits Connally in the back.
That bullet proves there were two rifles.
Connally yells, "My God, they're gonna kill us all!"
At the same time, another bullet missed the car, hit James Teague under the bridge.
The car's braking.
The sixth shot, fatal, image 313, reaches the head, from the front.
It's the decisive ball.
The President is projected back, to the left. Reached from the front, to the right.
Which excludes a bullet fired from the depot.
One more time.
Back, and to the left.
Then what?
It's panic.
Let's get out of here, we got him.
The weapons are dismantled, except for Oswald's rifle.
Agent Joe Smith is heading for the parking lot.
He smells like powder.
He took out a map of the Secret Service.
Have you seen anyone?
I believed him and let him go.
This guy looked like a mechanic.
He had a sports shirt, but dirty nails.
After that, it sounded wrong, but right now, we were caught short.
The men of the Secret Service on the spot are known.
None of them were on foot at Dealey Plaza until Dallas's office chief, Forrest Sorrels, returned.
12 individuals were apprehended by the police.
There's no trace.
So-called vagrants from the trains, walking on Dealey Plaza, photographed, but no minutes.
Pseudo agents of the Secret Service in every corner.
Who had these roles?
Where was Lee Oswald?
At about 12:15, leaving the building to go to the procession, Carolyn Arnold sees Oswald on the 1st floor. He says he came to drink a Coca.
He was tied to the right, alone, as usual.
I didn't talk to him, but I recognized him.
At the same time, Bonnie Ray Williams is supposed to have lunch at the 5th.
It stays there until 12:15 or 12:20.
He doesn't see anyone.
On the street, Arnold Rowland raises his head and sees two men in the windows of the 5th. Probably after Williams left, who finished his lunch.
John Powell, a prisoner on the fifth floor of Dallas Prison, sees them.
We've seen them very well.
Everyone was wailing.
We thought they were security.
If Oswald is the killer, he's been rather nonchalant.
Later, he told the police that he was at the First Snack.
He was probably ordered to wait for a phone call... that never came.
No more than 90 seconds after the murder, Agent Marrion Baker finds Oswald in the canteen.
Do you know him?
Yes.
The President was killed.
The Commission wants us to believe that after firing three times in 5"6, Oswald leaves three casings aligned to the firing location, erases his prints and hides the rifle at the other end of the room, unwinds four floors, exceeding two witnesses who do not see him, and presents themselves, fresh, on the first, in front of Agent Baker.
All in 90 seconds maximum.
Is he breathless?
According to Baker, absolutely not.
If he's the only murderer, now Oswald is free to escape.
The longer it takes, the more likely the building is to be locked up by the police.
Does he feel guilty?
Does he take the nearest stairway?
He buys himself a Coca and, without hurrying, noticed by Mrs Reid on the 1st floor, he wins the main exit, more distant, where the police are grouped!
Bizarre, three shots have gone from there, but the depot is not closed until 10 minutes later.
Oswald is escaping, like other employees.
When he sees that something is wrong, that the President was killed, he knows that there is a problem, and that he may be the scapegoat.
The President killed in spite of his telex.
The phone remained silent.
Maybe Oswald is scared for the first time.
He's going back to his garnish, about half an hour after the murder.
We killed the President!
He put on his jacket, picks up his .38 and comes out at 1:04.
Earlene Roberts, the lodger, heard two knocks of horn and saw two agents while Oswald was there.
Like a signal.
Agent Tippit is killed between 1:10 and 1:15 a.m. and 11⁄2 miles from there.
No one saw him, but according to the government, Oswald covered the distance.
So he should have run a mile and a half in six to 11 minutes, committed murder, turned around, walked 1 km to Texas cinema and arrived before 1:30.
That's a convenient conclusion.
Why kill Tippit, if he didn't kill the president and don't worry about being arrested?
Domingo Benavides, the closest witness, refuses to recognize Oswald.
Acquilla Clemons sees the killer and another man leave separately.
She's not being sent for identification, not to the Commission.
At the scene of the crime, Agent Poe marks the casings of his initials.
These initials do not appear on the casings presented by the Commission.
At 1244, only 14 minutes after the attack, the police issued a report corresponding to Oswald.
This one is seen by a shoe dealer, J. Brewer, on Jefferson Avenue.
Oswald's scared.
It is beginning to measure the full scope of the case.
He's going into the movies, maybe the agreed date.
Although he's got $14 in his pocket, he's not taking his ticket.
Brewer told the cashier to call the police.
In response to this call, at least thirty police officers storm the cinema.
The most beautiful example of police intuition since the Reichstag fire.
I'm not working!
Someone knew Oswald would be here.
Servable, Brewer guides the police inside and designates Oswald.
- Would you like to stand up?
I don't oppose resistance!
The police have his man.
It's already decided.
By the time we get him out of the movies, a whole crowd is waiting to blow him up.
Oswald must have felt like Joseph K. in The Trial.
He doesn't know why he's arrested, what invisible forces are tied against him.
At the central police station, he is charged with the murder of Tippit.
No legal aid.
No minutes.
The next day at dawn, he was charged with the President's murder.
The whole country, heated by the media, thinks he's guilty.
As a box owner and patriot who wants to spare Jackie Kennedy from having to testify, Jack Ruby is brought to the garage in the basement by one of his contacts in the Dallas police.
When he is ready, Oswald is led like the lamb to sacrifice and dispatched as enemy of the people.
Who weeps Lee Harvey Oswald? Saviour buried under the name Oswald?
No one.
Immediately, Oswald feeds inaccuracies and leaks.
The official legend is created, relayed by the media.
The official lies and the brilliance of JFK's funeral disturb the sight and confuse the reflection.
Hitler always said:
"The bigger the lie, the more it's believed."
Oswald, a lone-minded man who, to attract attention, killed a president, was only the first in a series of scapegoats.
Later, Bobby Kennedy, Martin Luther King, men working for peace, threatening those who work for war, would follow, also killed by disaxes.
Men who erase guilt by making murder an isolated, meaningless act.
We are Hamlets in this country, children of a murdered father-guide, whose assassins still reign.
John Kennedy's ghost confronts us with secret murder at the heart of the American dream.
He asks us the terrible question:
"What is our Constitution made of?"
What is the value of our citizenship, our lives?
What future for a democracy where a president can be murdered in these shady circumstances, and where the judiciary barely moves?
How many political murders disguised as heart attacks, suicides, cancers, overdoses?
How many plane accidents, car accidents, before we report them for what they are?
"Trahison never prospers," wrote an English poet.
"What's the reason?
"If it prospers, no one calls it treason."
The Americans didn't see Zapruder's movie.
Why?
They didn't see the real X-rays and the autopsy photos.
Why?
Hundreds of documents testify to the conspiracy.
Why are they hidden, burned by the government?
When my office or you, the people, ask these questions, ask for evidence, the answer from above is always: national security.
What national security, when we were robbed of our leaders?
What national security removes the fundamental power of the American people and endorses the rise of an invisible government in the United States?
This kind of national security, when it smells, feels, and looks, is called by its name:
Fascism!
I maintain that what happened on November 22, 1963 was a coup.
Its direct and tragic consequence was to cancel Kennedy's withdrawal from Vietnam.
The war is America's biggest business: it weighs $80 billion a year.
The plot that killed Kennedy was developed at the highest level of government, executed by fanatical warriors and disciplined by the clandestine Pentagon and CIA apparatus.
Among them, Clay Shaw, here.
It was a public execution, covered by sympathizers in the Dallas police, the Secret Service, the FBI and the White House, going back to J. Edgar Hoover and Lyndon Johnson, accomplices by assistance.
The assassination made the President a mere transitional official.
Its role is to speak on every occasion of the country's desire for peace, while representing the military and their suppliers in Congress.
They say I'm crazy.
An ambitious Southern cartoon.
It's easy to know if I'm paranoid.
That the two great beneficiaries of the assassination, former President Johnson and the new one, Nixon, publish the 51 CIA documents related to Lee Oswald and Jack Ruby.
Or the CIA secret memo on Oswald's activity in Russia, destroyed during photocopying.
These documents are yours.
Ownership of the people.
You pay for that.
But the government treats you as children, too fragile to face this reality, or it fears you will lynch those responsible. You won't see these documents until 75 years.
I'm in my 40s, I'll be "off the embrace of this life," but I'm telling my 8-year-old son to keep fit,
for this glorious September morning, in the year 2038, where he will go to the National Archives and learn what the CIA and the FBI knew!
They can postpone the date.
It will run over generations, questions will pass from father to son, from mother to daughter.
But one day, somewhere, someone will be able to find out the truth.
It'd be better, or maybe we just have to build another government.
When the old one doesn't work... we push a little westward.
An American naturalist wrote:
A patriot must be ready to defend his country against his government.
I wouldn't like to be in your shoes.
You've seen a lot of hidden evidence, never made public.
Thinking of our childhood, most of us probably thought that justice reigns automatically, that virtue is its own reward, that good triumphs over evil.
But as we get older, we know that's not true.
It is up to individuals to create justice, and it is not easy, because truth often threatens power, and the risk is great, when fighting power.
People like S.M. Holland, Lee Bowers, Jean Hill, Willie O'Keefe, all took this risk, they got wet.
I've got $8,000 here, in these letters, sent to my office all over the country.
A few hundred dollars from housewives, plumbers, teachers, invalids.
They can't afford it, but they do.
They drive taxis, they treat hospitals, they see their kids go to Vietnam!
Why?
Because they're concerned.
They want to know the truth.
They want their country back.
Because it always belongs to us, as long as people have the courage to fight for their values.
The truth is our most important value. If it does not take it away, if power kills it, if we cannot respect the hearts of these people, this is not the country where I was born, and it is surely not the country where I want to die.
Tennyson wrote:
"Authority forgets a dying king."
This applies perfectly to Kennedy, whose murder was probably one of the most terrible pages in our history.
You, the people, the jury passing judgment on Clay Shaw, represent the hope of humanity against the power of the state.
By doing your duty, by passing the first sentence, in this castle of cards, against Clay Shaw, do not ask what your country can for you, but what you can for it.
Don't forget your dying king.
Show the world that it is still a people's government for the people and by the people.
Nothing, as long as you live, will be more important.
It's up to you.
Did the jury make a verdict?
Please hand it over to the clerk.
Accused, get up.
The clerk will read out the verdict.
New Orleans, Louisiana, March 1, 1969.
The jury finds the defendant, Clay Shaw, not guilty.
There was a conspiracy, but Clay Shaw was involved, and that's still to be seen.
For the media, this is a victory for the Warren Commission. Do you agree?
This is proof that an investigation cannot be conducted in the open, calling into question the intelligence services.
