And he's a buggy in hole four.
It's starting pretty well for him, but we'll see if he'll be able to keep up his momentum.
Oh, that's perfect.
We now find Trevino on the driveway of hole number seven.
Trevino seems pretty tense today.
It is true that with his counter-performance yesterday, he has no right to error.
Perfect, he didn't miss his shot! We now find Tom Watson at hole number eight.
Despite a final round of 76, the American managed to qualify for the second stage of these internationals.
But he can't afford to make tactical mistakes today, honey, it's time to sleep.
So he's going to make his approach, let's look at him...
I guess a player like Al Boni would be happy...
Now let's see what he's gonna do.
The approach is once again successful, he can be proud of it.
It's true that with two holes in a row, he's a step ahead of me.
Hmm?
I can't tolerate that anymore.
What?
You're holding me prisoner here.
I'm leaving.
Jack?
Jack.
If you leave me, I'll throw it away.
You don't believe me?
I beg you!
You don't believe me?
I won't leave you. I won't leave you.
Come on, I'm, I'm sorry.
I'll never do that again.
I promise you, I'll never do that again.
God, I'm looking for you, O my God,
In you my spirit and my heart I hope you in my home.
I now invite you to sit down.
Yes, it's done!
David has also performed well recently.
It should be remembered that he presented a card of 67 during the last internationals of England which placed him among the favourites today.
On the other hand, this is not the case for Italian, who struggles to stay in the race. Despite a bugey and a double bugey on the first holes, Italian seems somewhat deconcentrated.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that the rumours of doping that hover over him would be at the origin of this small drop in regime, nevertheless it must be admitted that his concentration doesn't seem... Hello?
Jack.
Your brother just died.
Oh, he won't suffer now.
Yes, he will be at peace.
Courage, Betsy,
And how many times have I been told why you're not like your brother Bobby?
If I had been given five bucks every time I heard that, I'd be a rich man now.
For the scar he had on his forehead, he always told the same story, but it was me.
I threw him a hammer, a perfect throw.
He never said it, he protected the people he loved.
He was like that, and I and I loved him from the bottom of my heart and I wanted to look like him.
Every time...
What I mean most of all is that if he hadn't been in my life, I, I don't know... I don't know how I would have finished.
He taught me how to follow the right path, and... I'm gonna miss him.
He was a good man.
Deeply good.
I don't know what else we could say about you, Bobby?
In the Holy Scriptures we speak of a God, of a legitimate God.
I mean, I just read the parable on the, on the illegitimate judge...
Hello, Paul.
Thank you.
God is truth.
And thanks to him, I've changed.
And also thanks to Jesus and my family, and to the advice you gave me.
I walk in God's way, and I regret everything I've done.
I've, uh, been robbing a grocery store with a plastic gun.
You have to be really stupid to do this.
Warden wants to see you.
Hello, Al.
Hey, Mitch.
Janice.
Jack.
What's going on?
Close the door, Jack.
This, this Sean Mackey.
It's your file, isn't it?
Yes, why?
This is totally unacceptable, Jack.
I mean, I know you're already leading golf courses, but this case is a real shame for the profession.
I got you.
Yeah, you got me.
Here. Take inspiration from the Reserve Master, and try to be as brief as he is.
Absolutely.
I want Janice to be aware of the files before you walk through the back door, so it'd be nice to send her all your eligible files, okay?
Yes, yes, of course, but, I'd like to keep my files going, and see if they can go to committee, do you agree?
Yes, if you want to, it's okay.
I want to, yes, thank you very much.
Okay, of course.
All right.
By the way, I'm sorry.
Excuse me?
Uh, for your brother, I know, I'm sorry.
That's nice.
I'm going.
All right.
It's Stone.
Hmm?
My name is Stone.
I mean, I, I know that in the file, it says my name is Gérald, but, uh, I'd rather be called Stone.
Gerald Kreeson.
So, Stone, what's that, a nickname?
A nick you've been given here?
No, oh, no, not at all, I'm pissing people off here.
No, it's, it's my friends who call me that, people who know me well.
Tell me, what are we supposed to do, you're gonna check my right answers, right?
Couldn't we, I don't know, try to tell each other the real things?
I mean, are you gonna get me out of here or not?
Because I'm gonna tell you something, I, I
Okay, calm down, there's no point in getting upset, okay.
Three more years here and I think I...
Calm down.
Look, let's try to get back from the beginning.
Tell me why you're here.
Will you tell me about it?
You have the answer in front of you, why should we talk about it again?
Because I'm taking care of you.
You got a promotion.
And also because I like to talk.
All those morons here, you know, those fucking delinquents?
Of course!
But, at least I've recognized my mistakes.
And I agreed to pay for what I did.
And, and now I want to look in front of me, I have one, I have a job waiting for me, that's why I'm thinking why you absolutely have to ressit the shit every time?
Because I want to hear your version, that's why.
I don't give a shit about all this, and you, too.
I don't have time to waste with this shit.
Come back.
No, you, you're trying to get me to get back into my life.
So write what you want, I really don't give a shit, I'll just go back in.
Stone, listen.
Stone.
Have fun, come on!
Stone, calm down.
What do you think, that I don't see you want to put me back in the hole?
Stone!
When I'm outside, I'll find you, rely on me, you son of a bitch.
Stone!
In about two seconds, you'll be in the hole, and your file will be the first one on my stack.
Is that clear?
You see that door in front of you?
You know where she leads?
Do you want to go back?
No problem, go ahead!
You want to get out of this and get back to a normal life, that door, you want to open it?
Well, it's me that door, and you can't bypass it.
So if I ask you a question about the weather, you better answer me or you go back to your cell and we'll see you in three years.
Is that clear?
Yeah.
Then you'll sit down!
Okay.
What, we were just talking.
I like that woman, she's a tough guy.
Okay.
Okay, look, I'm the procedure.
We're talking.
We're not friends, but we're pretending to be friends, okay?
Relax, we don't do, we just talk, that's all, and then maybe we'll get what we want, okay?
We're pretending, all right.
Perfect.
Are you married?
Yeah.
All right.
How long have you been married?
For nine years, old man, eight of them in this fucking prison.
It's all in the file, what the fuck is it for?
Tell me a little about your wife.
Lucetta.
Uh-huh, yes.
Did you see her when she came here?
No.
It's an atomic bomb.
That's to say.
She's great, she's a real pearl.
I'll tell you, between you and me, she's from somewhere else.
What do you mean, it's illegal?
No, she's not illegal, man, she's whiter than you.
No, Lucetta, it's, it's an alien from another planet.
Is she visiting you?
Picnics on weekends?
I don't give a shit about picnics, man, what I miss is my dick in her ass, it drives me crazy, I want her to suck me until I can't get any more.
I swear, she's crazy, there's no limit to her.
What she does is that she sucks me, and I come to her face, she has it everywhere, but she continues to laugh, that girl, she is,
Look, if we start talking about Lucetta, I'll let you know that you're gonna get some images in your head that'll keep you from sleeping at night.
Oh, shit.
I, I apologize, I'm sorry, I, I talk too fast, I have a big mouth, I know.
I'm sorry, man, you have a funny look and, and I feel like you're gonna write something and then it's gonna be shit, and I don't want to...
Look, I, I don't want to fight, I just want to talk.
She's your wife, you're married?
Yes.
For a long time?
Forty-three years.
Are you kidding me?
That's what we call love, isn't it?
I've been hallucinating for forty-three years and you're still doing things together, I mean...
I beg your pardon?
No, I'm serious.
I'm, I'm really, I'm really curious to know, it's true, I love my wife, I told you. But, it happens that, uh, sometimes I wonder how, how it happens when the skin starts to get all friped, you know what I mean?
You, what are you... how is it going for you?
You, uh, you're using Viagra that gives you back a champion gear, or you're doing something else--
Look, listen, I, I never talk to anyone about my wife that way.
I-I didn't mean to talk about your wife, no, I was talking about myself.
I've been crouping here for a long time, you know.
Two or three strokes is enough for me to deliver the goods, you know?
What a lovely conversation.
I don't want to be rude, okay?
But I'd really like to know, how's it going for you?
You know what I mean?
I'd like to know how it goes for you.
We're here to talk about you, not me.
We're not here to talk about me, okay?
Man is interested in appearance while God is interested in our heart.
And if we did as he did and put more emphasis on the qualities of heart, we would avoid unnecessary quarrels.
If it is the Lord's will, then we must respect it, even if it makes us go through moments of suffering.
No, that's not what I'm saying, what I'm saying is that...
If our Lord thinks that an embryo is already in itself a human being then we cannot accept that women get an abortion. God said "you will not kill your neighbor" and that is exactly what thousands of women do in our country and throughout the world. The unborn child, even at the stage of a tiny embryo has the right to the same dignity as any other human person.
She told me.
Apparently, she takes the school very seriously according to the daycare educators.
She's four, that's amazing, isn't it?
Where are you right now?
May the word of the Lord always be with us. I find you right after a short advertising break.
We were totally high and we were looking for money.
That's it, and then my grandfather heard us.
He had a fight with Teach.
My grandfather went to get his gun and, I thought, I'm fucking not gonna get involved, so I went outside.
And then Teach did what he did and then the house burned down.
It was, yeah, it was, it was terrible.
That's right, I made a terrible mistake.
It's tragic.
And, it was a long time ago and since I paid, I paid, it's true, and it's been very hard.
And, and what I believe is that I really deserve to be released and start over and, so, what, what, what, what, what, what, what can you do to make this happen?
How can you help me get free, I...
Well, we'll see about that.
We've just started, so...
Yeah, and there's also a lot of good things going on for me here, you know.
I got my certificate of study like this and I got this job, at the prison laundry for the last two years, a great job.
I'm gonna go find my wife.
She found a job for me, you know.
Mechanic in a garage, and they're waiting for me there, I, I'm motivated, you know.
Yeah, and whose idea was that?
From Lucetta, she knows the boss personally.
No, it's not, no, I'm not talking about that, it was the idea of who to go to your grandparents' house?
What?
Who got the idea?
I told you, I told you, it's
Teach... it was his idea.
I, like I told you, I, well, I, I was, I was out.
Yeah, but you could've stopped him, couldn't you?
To do what?
To kill your grandparents.
You don't intend to help me.
I'm sure of it.
You don't give a shit about me.
I was out, Teach, Teach joined me, and I didn't even know what he did until he told me.
Teach recognized the facts, old man, He, that's why they didn't even accuse me for, for killing him, I was just charged for the fire.
I did, I've already done eight years out of the fifteen.
I mean, what, what more do you expect from me?
All right, so I'm offering you a game, let's make this a wonderful day.
By doing something nice for someone else, but we're not allowed to tell him it's from us.
So we start the first round at ten dollars.
And for the next one, we're up to twenty, all right?
Jack's happy about it?
No, I don't think so.
You want to see?
Hi, excuse me for disturbing you, I'd like to...
Excuse me?
Oh, my name is Lucetta Kreeson.
My husband's in the prison of...
Excuse me, I can hardly hear you...
Can I talk to Jack Mabry?
I'm Madame Mabry.
Ah, hello, ma'am, I'd like to talk to Jack.
Oh, you want to talk to my husband?
I, I can leave him a message.
Did you manage to talk to him?
She was dry enough with me, like I don't know, like she didn't really want to talk.
Why, why didn't you talk to him?
Hey, Tommy, you're not allowed to bite!
No, I don't agree.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I need you to do this for me and do it now.
Now.
Then don't let me down.
All right, I'll do it.
I'm counting on you.
Call him tonight.
Call him tomorrow.
Call him tomorrow night, and the next day, until you run into him.
I'd like to ask you a question. Do you think what you did was wrong?
What, what do you think? That because I grew up in the Westside, I would be like one of those social cases, some kind of offender who doesn't know how to tell the difference between good and evil? What do you want me to say?
You want me to tell you about my unhappy childhood, that kind of bullshit?
I don't know, did you?
Well, when I started thinking it was normal to do dirty blows, I know I know it was pretty unhealthy, but at the same time, I never, never thought
I was a bad person at first, you know?
I mean, what, you want to know if I want to set fire to other grandparents?
Is that the case?
Has there been any more before?
Yeah, I did it another time.
Yeah, well, try to make a little more effort this time.
I'm not trying to scare you.
I think I deserve to be released.
Why, because you did your time.
Is that it?
You've changed and become a good citizen?
I'm as good as anyone, old man.
As good as you.
Yeah, maybe, maybe not.
I'd like to ask you a little question.
Why you, why you, why you are given the right to come and ask me these questions as if you had never done anything, I mean, it's true, why, why, why you
are free to go wherever you want and I am not? I have not been charged with a crime.
So you never did anything wrong?
You've never done anything forbidden, have you ever?
I never broke the law.
What, did you even get a ticket for speeding?
You ever get into a bar or something?
In Vietnam, you've never killed children?
You've never cheated on your wife by fucking with a 15-year-old girl who made you look sweet?
Okay.
No, stop your circus, I'm sick of it!
How long are you going to judge me for the only bad thing I've done?
Even if I paid my debt, do I have to keep getting treated like shit?
For how long?
That's not fair.
That's right, that's not fair.
I beg you, you must believe me, I am a person.
I'm a person.
Read my file, it's written in it.
Look, look at everything I've done here, I mean, ever since I've been here, I've been different.
I grew up, right, I'm more, I'm more
The same fucking man, I'm not the same man.
What does that mean to be another man?
What?
What does that mean to you?
Hello!
It's me!
Hello, Mrs. Kreeson.
Thank you!
Kreeson!
Oh, I love your braids, it suits you very well, baby.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's very nice, I assure you.
Every morning, I put on the foam you gave me.
Yeah?
And Crystal said to put on a scarf before you go to bed like that when you wake up they're nickel.
Did I ever tell you how sexy I think you are?
I miss you so much.
So, what do you have to tell me?
Tell me.
Well, I phoned as planned and he didn't call me back, so I left another message.
Perfect, great, that's good, but, you know, you absolutely have to meet him in person.
I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it, baby.
I'm counting on you, okay, that's important.
I can't do it myself.
Honey, I'd do anything for you, you know that, right?
I know that.
Okay, okay.
Baby, I'm wearing something especially for you.
It's true, what are you wearing?
Nothing.
Oh, no!
You're gonna make me sick!
Oh, no, it's okay, stop, stop, okay?
What?
No, no!
Stop, please.
Please, please, come here, come here.
Honey.
I can't get a warning.
It's too dangerous, you understand, don't you?
I'm too close to the point.
Yeah, yeah.
Baby, I'm, I'm too close to the point.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Everything's gonna be okay.
I can't stay here anymore.
Trust me, it's gonna be okay.
I don't know, I don't know if I'm gonna make it.
I'm serious, Lucetta.
Sometimes I think I'd rather commit suicide.
I forbid you to laugh with that.
Don't ever say that again.
I love you, honey.
You want something to eat?
I brought muffins and chocolate biscuits and a bottle of fruit juice.
Our Lord be glorified.
The experience of sound is terrifying, but for those who confront it, life suddenly becomes more beautiful than ever. By marrying the sound, an individual reaches the world of metaphysical perfection and becomes a wonderful fit of God.
Hey, I'm trying to get better, you son of a bitch!
Hey, hi, it's Lucetta Kreeson.
Um, I already called.
I'm Stoney Kreeson's wife.
I have, uh, spoken to Mrs Mabry, but this message is for you, Mr Mabry.
I'd like to talk to you about my husband.
Um, this is important enough for us.
And, I work almost every morning, but, no, forget it, I can fix it. So, no matter when you're free, I, I can free myself.
Damn it!
I wasn't done.
Who goes to bed at nine o'clock in the evening?
Hello!
Mr Mabry?
Mr Mabry?
Sorry?
Mrs. Kreeson.
I'm Stoney's wife.
Oh, ma'am, Kreeson.
Oh, please call me Lucetta.
Did you come to see your husband?
No, I came to see you.
Wait, I'm sorry, didn't you get my message?
Yeah, I got it, yeah.
But there is a way to meet the family, Mrs. Kreeson.
You must report to the office, and an official will be assigned to your file.
He will meet with you and evaluate your family situation,
Well, actually, that's the thing, sir, because, in fact, I'm the family support.
Look, I, Mrs. Kreeson, you have to call the office and...
Lucetta.
Lucetta, call the office and make an appointment.
Oh, but, but, uh, could we just talk for a while?
No, I'm sorry, I can't, it's no,
You can't know how important this is to us.
Yes, if you've come to see your husband, it's perfect, but I can't do anything for you.
And I'm really late.
Mr Mabry.
Mr Mabry.
I want to offer you something my students did in class.
I can't accept, I'm sorry, I'm not allowed.
Yeah, but it's for birds look, it's, it's a nest, and birds put twigs, leaves, and, and, and many other stuff, and it becomes their home.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
I was delighted.
Thank you.
Okay.
What the hell is this?
What's that?
It's from your wife.
What, she sent it to you?
She gave it to me in the parking lot right now.
Wait, what, did Lucetta come to see you?
She gave me that nest in the parking lot.
Don't, don't think I'm a jerk.
Wait, I'm not trying to get in trouble with you.
I hope that wasn't your idea.
Because it wouldn't really be the Commission's taste, you can believe me.
Lucetta does what she wants from her life, I already told you.
She's just a little fiery, that's all.
Oh, my God, what a week!
I want to know what you think of something.
Have you seen this before?
I found it in the library.
Zukangor, the sound of divine life.
Do you know him?
No.
They say sound is the first step.
They, they say that when you want to reach a spiritual truth, it happens in you a bit like, like a sound that crosses your body, changes your vibration and makes you reconnect with harmony.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, maybe, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like,
And then, if you, if you welcome this into yourself, then, you, you see the light or you have an illumination or something.
I've never heard of this, I'm an Episcopalian.
They say it starts with small things, like small sounds, small vibrations like a bit like an electric buzz or water flowing out or the sound of a bee or...
Yeah?
Yeah.
And then it's stronger.
But, there's no prayer to make, you see, it's not like, like, a religion.
There's just this guy, named Arnold, who's a little bit of the master of this thing.
They say that if we practice this method regularly, we can hear better, we can hear God talking to us through these sounds.
And what is practice?
They're scanning Hugh.
Hugh?
And then they listen.
What, a bee?
Maybe, I don't know.
But in fact, what they're saying is that you have to keep coming back until you pay for all your bullshit.
And that you have to fix them, thanks to all these lives, actually, until everything gets right.
What if we talked about this life?
What if you assumed the things you've done in this life?
I've already paid a lot.
Really?
Yeah, what about you?
The body of Christ, amen.
The body of Christ, amen. The body of Christ, amen.
I'll be right back.
All right.
Here, come home, I need to talk to the pastor, I'll walk home.
All right.
Look, I, uh, I've never done this before, so, uh...
Well, here I am, I go to church every week and I really tried, and I, I don't know, I, I think I was hoping it would get easier with time and then no.
And for my, my family and the people close to me, it looks like it's been easy for them, but for me, it's... I, I, I don't know.
And, and I also sometimes have thoughts or desires, which, in fact, I think I should be shot down, it would do me a favor, at the bottom.
Well, I don't think that's what God would want for you.
And what does he want?
I wish I could give you an answer to that question.
I'm not sure what God wants for you.
There's nothing I...?
There's an old passage in the Bible that says this
Be patient, and remember that God protects you.
Which is to say that... God, sometimes speaks to us in a mysterious way.
Get out of here!
I said get out of here!
Hello, it's Lucetta Kreeson.
We talked last week.
Uh, sorry, what's your name again?
Lucetta Kreeson.
I was just wondering if Jack was here.
I'm sorry, but he's, oh, no, wait, there he is.
Jack?
Phone.
Who is it?
A friend, I think.
Hello.
Hello!
It's Lucetta Kreeson.
Look, I, I was wondering when, when would it be possible to see each other?
Mrs. Kreeson, I don't know how you got my number, but I told you to call the office.
Yeah, I know, but, actually, the offices aren't my cup of tea and I'm still, actually, I can't, I can't be natural in this kind of place.
But, Mrs. Kreeson--
Lucetta.
Ma, Mrs. Kreeson, I, I'm taking care of your husband's file.
Yeah, that's why I'm calling you.
Did you think it was for another reason?
Uh, no, not at all.
Maybe we could have lunch together, Mrs Mabry could join us, I think she has a very nice voice, what's her name?
Look, I admire your love for your husband and that you want to do something for him, but you don't help him at all by doing this, believe me, I'm telling you.
Listen to me, Jack.
It's true that I love my husband.
I love her from the depths of my being, I love her more than anything.
And all I'm asking you is to have the opportunity to show it to you in a different light.
How many men do you think in your office have a woman who loves them as much as I love my husband?
Doesn't that really mean anything to you, a man in a position like yours?
No, that means something.
Don't, don't get any misconceptions about me, I...
I want him home.
I want, I want my man back, I want to feel his arms around me and I want him in my bed.
I miss him so much.
I just want to persuade you, that's all.
We won't do anything wrong, you know.
Let me come see you, please.
Let me come see you, Jack.
I got it.
You're gonna get what you want, baby.
Oh.
Honey, are you okay?
I'm so tired.
Can't you sleep?
It's too loud all the time.
So loud, that...
I can't concentrate, I can't hear anything, I don't listen, it's...
This place is starting to attack my head.
I swear, and besides, I'm having these fucking nightmares.
Poor darling.
I thought I wanted to kill myself, baby.
I thought I wanted to hang myself in my cell and finish it.
I'm not following you.
Did you dream of that?
But then I was too scared to die, and I realized that I was going to stay here forever, and that I...
I can't stand being in that rat hole anymore.
Honey.
Honey, what did you eat last night?
That's probably what you ate.
Was it spicy?
I have a little girl.
Are you serious?
Yes.
Her name is Katie, she's three years old.
Is she cute?
Oh yes, yes, very cute.
Does she look like you?
No, fortunately, no, no.
I bet she loves you.
Yeah, I hope so.
Do you see her much?
They, they live far away so we don't see them very often.
Ah, that's too bad.
She's getting divorced, my daughter.
I'm so sorry.
What do you want.
People do what they want, it's life.
You hurt?
Ah, that's my back.
Oh.
What's this about baseball or an old war wound?
No, it's just life.
So, I, I, I don't know if I can...
But I don't want to give you any false hopes.
About what?
From what I can do for you and your husband.
Have you tried magnetic therapy?
For your back, I mean.
It's like magnets you have to wear on you.
Magnets? Yeah, that's really great.
In fact, you should come to my house one day because I have, some kind of insoles that a guy sold me, and I wear them in my shoes, and at school, I'm never tired.
Yeah, that's right.
And sometimes I even put them under my pillow before going to bed.
And how does it feel?
Well, okay, you're aware that we're all intoxicated, right?
And these waves develop inside our body, and it causes all kinds of diseases and even tumors in the brain.
I'm serious, some people can die.
And so, these magnets detoxify you.
Wow.
Yeah, it works, I believe it.
You don't believe that?
To be honest, I don't know.
No, it's working.
I'll tell you one thing, in my opinion, the body is the most important, and I think if the body is healthy, if the body feels good, then the mind follows, I'm sure.
Absolutely sure.
An egg?
They were decorated by my students.
So now I have to eat them all.
Yeah, they're pretty, that's cute.
Eat me, please.
Why not?
I only eat the good part.
Oh, come on, eat the rest, too.
Kreeson, what's going on?
We haven't seen you in the canteen for two days.
You have to go to the medical check-up.
Get dressed.
Wait here.
Do you feel anything?
No.
Some kind of tickling?
No, nothing, I, I don't think...
Is that a bit of a pull?
You know, it doesn't have to be spectacular.
It's like goose or smell.
Yeah, actually, I might feel a little something.
Yeah.
Is my obedience to God intimately and solely motivated by my infinite and eternal love for Him?
In what recent circumstance have I witnessed the importance of God?
Why don't you do the blessing?
Yeah.
Lord, I bless you. Lord, I bless you for this meal that renews our strength and strengthens our fraternal bonds.
In the name of Christ, Amen. Amen.
Did you lose your place?
You want an egg?
Sin is part of us from the moment we are born.
Actually, it's innate in man.
We are not fishermen because we fish, we fish because we are fishermen.
We, and even, even if your life is the perfect incarnation of virtue, you deserve hell. You know why?
Because, according to Isaiah, all our virtues are nothing but filthy rags.
You're a heart, Jack.
A real heart.
Okay, louder.
That's nice of you, Jack.
You're a good man. It's nice of you to help us.
I appreciate it, really.
I guess you're aware that no one should know about this.
Are you aware of that?
Absolutely no one.
It's very important.
And compared to what you want, it could end badly if you talk to someone about it.
Everyone would suffer. Do you understand?
Of course, you idiot.
What's going on?
Aren't you eating?
Do you ever think about the things that, supposedly, last forever?
What?
You know things that never end.
You know, like the sky, it's often said that the sky is endless.
But what does that really mean?
I mean how they can be sure without seeing anything.
It's true, it's like persuading yourself of something impossible, because you can see clouds during the day or stars at night, maybe, but even with a telescope, you can't see where it stops.
So how can they know?
Know what?
What it is..
Eternity, how can they know?
So, then, Jack, said they were going to review your case in committee.
And, and, and that they were going to take into consideration, your age and, and, and, and also, your mother, and all that stuff there, and, also, the fact that you were addicted at the time.
Stoney, my love.
Hmm?
Look at me.
Honey, I was telling you about your parole.
Yeah.
But you weren't listening.
No, I was listening, I assure you.
Okay, so, so Jack said that...
You call him Jack?
Of course.
It's cool, and what's he saying?
Okay, so, he's gonna discuss this with you, and, and he's gonna go over it again, and, and then, within a few days, he's gonna write his report that he'll add to your file and submit it to the parole board, which takes place next week.
Isn't that great, honey?
Honey, can you be released? Isn't that great?
Yeah.
So, are you, are you proud of me?
What's the matter, look at me.
Doesn't that matter to you?
Sometimes the best thing is to just listen.
Are you gonna stop this little game?
Still, it is extremely difficult to see suffering and illness as a trial sent by God.
For we tend to perceive it as a profound injustice.
Yes, yes, it's a subject that upsets us all, you're right and that can make us doubt his benevolence.
I think that we must see the disease as an opportunity to question ourselves, and this is perhaps the message that God... cell fifty-three!
Answer me, is this the 30 or 31 file?
I'm really tired of getting yelled at.
It's not complicated, which one is it?
I'll answer you when you talk politely, not before!
Kreeson's here.
How can you ask someone to explain something that he or she has experienced to another person who has no way of understanding something that is so vague and difficult to tell?
You don't believe a word I'm saying?
I'm not saying I don't believe you, it's just that, you know, I, I saw the recording, it was something, and you're not involved, I mean you're not involved.
No way.
Yeah, I, I, I don't even know how I could...
That's weird.
I don't know, it's hard to...
You spoke of a deep and spiritual epiphany.
It's really crazy because I, I've never heard that word before.
Look, we, we don't have to talk about this.
That's right, that's not important.
Don't get me wrong, I'd like to believe this kind of thing, but...
Believe in what, in me?
Do you believe in me?
Of course, I'd really like to believe you, that's why we're both here, right?
Well, actually, it wasn't really...
It wasn't really like... it was, it was just a moment that stopped.
And everything, everything disappeared, and then, I, I really managed to hear, to hear with clarity, for real.
It was a little bit like everything seemed different to me.
It came all at once and I realized that my life here wasn't as empty and useless as I thought.
What do your family think?
Listen, Stone, forget it, all right?
What are you talking about?
I know what you're trying to do, but it's no use, so, stop, stop, it doesn't help you at all.
Hey, man, I don't care anymore.
Of exactly what?
I totally don't care what you're doing or what a person is trying to...
What do you want me to do?
Nobody's trying to make me do anything.
Okay.
You should do what you think is right.
Anyway, I'm here in prison, so write down what you think.
Seriously.
I mean, I mean, judge me honestly.
Okay.
Even if what I want is to be released, but I'm going to have to fight the same shit if I'm released and have the same visions if I'm not.
So, you're a good guy now?
No, no, no.
I, I, I never said that all of a sudden it was total happiness.
I've been thinking about my way out for a long time, you know.
I mean, I'm not gonna start being cool and smiling at everyone.
I'm gonna get out of here, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna fuck myself up, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and
That's how I am, and that's all life is.
You know what I mean?
No.
No, I'm sorry, I don't see.
I told you I'd have a hard time explaining it.
Are you okay?
My back hurts.
I'm going to sleep in another room.
This situation may seem comfortable, but it's an illusion most of the time.
Sometimes, at the twilight of civilization, there can be a great cultural boom, but in reality, there are cracks in the foundations of this society, and this society is condemned.
If you want my advice, I think he's playing comedy with you.
It's comedy, do you really mean it?
No, no.
Look, Stoney, he's a little crazy and he's a little messed up and sometimes he gets weird and sometimes even weird ideas, but, basically, he's always been like this.
When I was talking to him, he almost looked like...
The air of what?
I felt like he was, I don't know, different.
No.
No, he was just trying to impress you, to get the most chance of being released.
We can't blame him, can we?
No, it's...
Okay.
Hey, sit down.
Come here.
Come on, sit down.
Sit down.
Look, he admires you a lot, he told me.
He learned a lot from talking to you.
Can you be serious?
As serious as you are.
Is it just one, I mean one, tell me the truth.
I always do what I want to do, always.
I love you very much.
I love you very much, Jack.
I would never have fucked you if I hadn't wanted to.
Well, thank you.
You're, you're beautiful, you know.
Really beautiful.
Thank you very much.
I don't have to come back here anymore, it's bullshit.
Never again?
No.
Okay.
Maybe I should take antidepressants or something, I don't know.
Yeah, you will.
What?
It's okay, you know.
In the end, I don't care that they ever say oh, either, because I just have to sit down and wait.
Will you call me?
Could you come late one night?
Oh, God.
I don't care if you deny the evidence.
Stop, please, stop.
I think so much about you, Jack, I think about you all day.
I'm thinking about you at work.
Don't say that.
You're hot, Jack, and if you let Stone out of jail, we can be good friends, you know, he won't know.
He won't care.
I'm doing what I want because I'm a big girl, okay?
And I do what I want from my life, so you don't want to help us a little?
Don't you want to help me a little?
No, don't say that, it's, it's not that simple, it's...
You want to see me again, I know.
Me too.
What am I doing?
Goddamn it!
Oh, please, Jack.
He's a good man in the back.
Do you really believe him?
Yes, I do.
He's as good as you and me.
Are you going to church?
No, never, I don't believe in God.
They called again, they want the Kreeson report.
I just sent it!
It's not necessary to scream.
I'm on the intercom.
You have a favourable opinion from the social worker, you have graduated, you have psychotherapy, and you all have a lot of programs.
Therefore, the Commission must decide whether it is prudent to let you out and make sure that you are not a danger to yourself or others.
Rehabilitation, right?
Yeah.
Hey, you know in my book, they say that if you're suffering from chronic neck pain, it's because you've been hanged in another life.
Actually, it's my back, it's not my neck.
I'm just trying to make the conversation, that's all.
Look, if you're not interested in the details of your audition, we'll stop there.
Is it over?
Yeah, it's settled.
What do you mean?
My report has been sent, it ends there.
Above all, they want to make sure you feel responsible for your actions.
Actually, what's going on is, I don't know.
Why?
It's funny because... you wanted to know what happened that night.
Well, actually when my cousin came out of the house, and asked me to go inside it was really creepy because only two minutes before, my grandfather was still, he was still alive, he had color in
his face and shine in his eyes.
And then I went inside and... and I saw them lying on the floor, no matter how.
And I felt a buzz in my ears, and I thought it was because of the mess we were in. Alt in my ears, and I thought it was because of this shit situation, but he kept growing up, and I started to get scared, really.
Teach was punching in the walls, yelling at me has to do something, I need you, we have to find a solution.
But all I heard was the buzz.
And then I still don't know how it happened to me, but I knew right away that we had to set the fire.
I went into the garage, took a can of gasoline, and set fire to a match.
Have you ever seen a fire take control?
It's impressive, and it's alive.
And I watched him take them away, and transform them.
And the only thing I thought about was that it was grand.
Grandiosis?
Yeah.
It was really grand.
And, the thing is, I know I should feel completely responsible for my actions, and I should feel guilty about what happened, but that never happened.
And I never knew why.
But today, I realized that it was just part of what had to happen in my life, it had to happen, it was fate.
It was your decision.
I'm not saying I didn't do anything, I mean we're all God's colleagues, and we, and we don't even know it.
Your crime has nothing to do with God.
Why?
God is everywhere.
It's true, look at the floods, the earthquakes and the tornadoes and all the other shit that's falling on us. Why don't we be a little responsible for all this, too?
After all that would make sense, we're just cheating all our shit from one life to the next. If it happens there's a plan that would include all of us. You and me and my grandparents and we don't realize it, because how could we know that?
I'm tired of your salads, you're trying to, from, from, you, Lucetta, told me you were...
Lucetta?
Your wife, she said that...
She said that...
No.
Don't listen to him.
What do you mean?
I'm telling you not to listen to what she's telling you.
But she trusts you.
She's acting, man.
She's taking you by boat.
I told you from the start, she's an alien, she's almost a monster.
That's not very nice.
No, listen, I'll talk to you frankly, okay?
She's taking you by boat, she's fucking with you, man, she's an animal.
You really are a motherfucker, you know that?
A beautiful son of a bitch..
You have a beautiful woman who thinks of you and who...
Beautiful?
You think she's beautiful?
Okay, you're a crook, I've felt it from the beginning.
I don't believe what you're saying for a second, I never believed it.
Never.
Did you both fuck me up?
I know that.
This isn't the first time this has happened to me, I should have been suspicious.
Son of a bitch.
I'm full of your bullshit.
What did I say?
You want to make me swallow another one of your dicks, right?
And I write a nice letter about your fucking epiphany?
You're the same scumbag, you'll always be a scumbag!
Of course I do!
Yeah, yeah, that's what I've been telling you all along.
You don't, you don't understand.
What?
Oh, no, no, on the contrary, I got it all figured out, and I'm really full of your bullshit.
You and your wife can fuck off!
I've been...
What did I do, for God's sake, why didn't I...
Year after year, I'm here in my office, sitting in front of people like you, and we pretend to do something and you pretend to listen to us and we get screwed and then you come back a year later, always in the
same office, sitting in the same place while a lot of people get killed outside.
I'm tired of being thought of as a jerk.
People don't change, it's bullshit, nobody changes!
And I've spent my whole adult life listening to assholes like you and I'm really sick of it!
I'm sorry, but I have more time to waste.
Get me out of here!
Come on!
Get up, come on, get out of here!
Yeah.
Hey, man, do you have anyone?
A person you can count on.
I don't want to listen to you!
Get out of here and change your fucking life, now's the time!
Get it all up, go ahead, do it!
That's the best you can do!
Hey, Peterson, we're done.
Go ahead and burn your fucking shitty life, man.
It's rushing, for Christ's sake!
You'll love it, you'll see.
Are I being listened to when I speak in this office or is it too much to ask?
He's coming!
Don't be afraid, burn it, you'll see, it's great, great!
I'll think of you.
You're at Jack's and Madylyn Mabry's.
Leave us a message, thank you.
Hey, Jack!
Mr Mabry.
I left you some messages at the office, but you didn't call me back.
I'd like to know what's going on.
Don't let me marinate, okay?
Hello!
Is Mom here?
It's Candice.
Hey, honey.
Yeah.
I hope so.
You okay?
What about Katie?
You know we all come from a stone?
Hmm?
Your soul began to exist in the form of a mineral or a rock. And then it reincarnated into a plant, then into fish, bird, animal etc. You have to make a way to become a human being.
You know what she's been doing to your soul all this time?
Hmm, what?
She pays your debts, your sins from your previous lives by gradually easing your burden.
Where did you get this?
In the mail this morning.
You know what I think?
I think we only have one life, and, and we have to take on everything we do, and if we refuse, we'll have to pay for our death.
You don't think so?
Shit!
You son of a bitch!
Damn it!
I get it, I'm fine.
You son of a bitch.
Why don't you go get me another fucking beer, motherfucker?
Who is it?
Hello!
I'll take care of it.
Do you ever answer the phone, sometimes?
Oh, Mrs. Kreeson.
Please.
You don't have the right to be here.
Good morning, Mrs Mabry.
Did you get my messages, Mrs Mabry?
Come on, I'll take you to your car.
Come on.
Look, Jack, I was worried.
I was just a little worried.
I understand you're worried, Mrs. Kreeson.
But try to be a little patient, get in your car and get me out of here!
But, what's going on, Jack?
Why are you treating me like that?
Get out of here, and what happened with my husband?
You have no right to come here, Mrs. Kreeson.
Did you tell him about us?
There's no of us.
Get me out of here!
I just wanted to talk to a friend, that's all!
Thank you, Mrs. Kreeson.
You fucked up my face, you son of a bitch.
I'll see you at the prison again.
Fuck you!
It's unacceptable to land here like this.
We can't change a report once it's under review, you know that.
I know, I know, I know, but I, I made a mistake.
Yeah, yeah, you're a human being.
Mitch, I'm asking you, please, I'm asking you, please.
Please.
The audition's in an hour, aren't you serious?
I know.
I'm gonna need more than a "I know" to be convinced.
I'm not going to go into the details, I, I just forgot something important, I made a mistake.
If you want to talk about your concerns, it's okay, or if you want to submit other evidence, I agree.
But you know like me that his fate has already been decided.
It's luck and quotas.
And, and nothing I'd say could make a difference?
Uh, well, don't worry about that, Jack.
In a month, it's a big holiday, you can sleep alone.
All right.
I'm leaving.
What about the Kreeson audition?
Yeah, it's chapter three, verse twenty.
Here I am, standing at the door and knocking.
And if anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I... I'll go into his house, I'll have dinner with him and him with me.
Yeah.
And the verse says: "Whoever overcomes, I will make him sit with me on my throne, as I have overcome and sat with my Father.
Yes, that's it, but this verse is less known, we tend to forget it when it's just as important as the previous one.
So, we're at the next command, I think, right?
Do you really believe in all this?
To what?
Really?
Here, read the meditation.
What wish is at the top of my prayer list for the day?
Is it a selfish vow or a vow that celebrates the glory of God?
I know what mine is.
Do you know?
You lost your place again.
Is there anything you'd like to tell me?
Are you sure?
I don't know what you're trying to get me to say.
You want to talk about it with me?
From my wife?
Hmm?
Or from my way out or whatever you want..
Look, I, I'm a little worried about you, you seem, a little angry at me.
Yeah, well, sleep alone, it's okay,
So, it ends there, huh?
Don't you have any other questions or things to tell me?
If you want, I'll sit down and we'll both discuss it.
Don't be smart or you'll come back here very quickly.
I got, I got my release, Jack.
You don't have, you don't have to worry about me anymore.
Yeah, you're right.
But if you make a mistake, I'll put a cop in the back 24 hours a day!
Do you understand?
Yeah, you got it.
Fuck, you really don't believe in anything, it's crazy.
I think you're an asshole of the worst kind.
I, I know you don't believe in me, but you could at least believe in yourself.
You don't believe in God, you don't believe in anything, it's like no truth resonates inside you.
Here's the truth.
I'm glad I don't see you anymore, Gérald Kreeson.
Yeah, you're gonna be able to ruin someone else's life.
Oh, life just caught you by the neck.
She shakes your old carcass and you don't know how to react, yeah, it must be creepy to feel that everything is flying in pieces, like that, I know what it is, I've been there.
I understand you, but this is just the moment when you have to start listening.
What the hell is she doing?
What, it's over, you don't want us to move shit together?
No, it's over, boy, it's over!
Nah, I really liked those moments we both had.
Still not here?
Really, keep listening, it's important Jack, that's all I want to tell you.
Because something's going to happen to you, but when it happens, stay, stay open, especially, okay?
Don't close the door.
There she is.
Go on!
Well, you must be happy.
Can I kiss him?
You ready?
Yeah.
Well, good luck, Stone.
Hey, I wanted to say thank you.
Seriously, I appreciate everything you've done for me.
Yeah.
Good luck to you too, Mrs. Kreeson.
Lucetta, Jack.
We're friends after all, right?
Lucetta.
Take care of him.
I will.
And you, too, take care of yourself, old man.
See you, Jack.
Oh, by the way, I wanted to tell you.
Lucetta, she told me you jumped him.
I guess that's not really allowed in the rules?
I know what you're trying to do.
And you knew what you were doing when you let my wife suck your dick?
Good luck, Stone, we'll have a chance to meet again.
I wish you luck.
Today, in our broadcast, we are going to talk about the carrying of weapons that have been legalized for a long time in our country's Constitution.
This inalienable right that every American can enjoy tends to divide the population and even more so the Christian community.
Madylyn?
Madylyn?
There's some mail.
I love you very much.
I love you very much, Jack.
I would never have fucked you if I hadn't wanted to.
Madylyn!
Wake up!
Wake up!
Madylyn.
Madylyn, stand up, wake up!
I have to find a phone!
Where are you going?
Maybe Steve and Helen's?
No, they're not here!
Why don't I go to Davis' house?
It's too far, it's too late.
Look at this.
Oh, my God.
Son of a bitch!
You son of a bitch!
Goddamn it!
Don't say that!
What?
Don't mix God with all this, please!
Stop it, Madylyn.
That's enough!
I can't stand it anymore, but what are you talking about for heaven's sake?
It means something to me.
Maybe it doesn't mean anything to you, but it's important to me!
Madylyn, we almost got cremated in our sleep by some kind of crazy guy I got out of jail and you're breaking my balls with my tongue?
No one came to set fire to us!
Will you leave me alone, Madylyn?
It's nobody's fault!
What?
It's nobody's fault!
It was God's will!
Well, I know who the son of a bitch is who set the fire in our house!
It was an act of God!
I'll tell the fire department.
What are you talking about, Madylyn?
I'm talking about the wire hanging in our basement.
What are you talking about, what thread?
The electrical wire in the basement, hanging.
With all those rags that... the old rags that were dragging around.
I'll tell them to go to the basement.
Why would you tell them that?
Because it's just a story like another, that's all.
There's not much sun.
Everyone knows you can catch a sunburn when the weather is cloudy.
Oh, look at the barns.
Do you remember that?
Not really.
How did you stay so long?
You should have done it sooner.
I almost did it once.
And what happened?
What happened?
He's free, now he's free!
You're a free man now!
You have to be careful not to ever enter into a conversation with them because they, all they think about is trying to, saving as much time as possible for, to find a way to manipulate you and get you to give in.
And, and they shouldn't see you as a person, never.
Oh, believe me, I learned the lesson.
And they're gonna do everything they can to test you for sure.
A pretty woman like you.
Jack.
What?
You know, I'm not dead, I'm just retiring.
Stop Jack, we're friends, okay, that's better.
We could have fun, and you'd send me to the seventh heaven.
Let's stay pros, Jack, okay?
Let them all go fuck the pros!
These bastards, they're gonna do everything they can to fuck you up.
Okay, Jack, that's enough.
No, it's all bullshit!
It's fun to fuck with me, you stupid bitch!
Hey, hey, guys.
Come on, let's go play darts with the others.
Yeah, yeah, I'm coming!
Fuck you!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-
I'd better go home.
No, no, go home with me.
No, I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm gonna take a cab, I'm fine, I'm fine.
I'm gonna take a cab. I'm fine.
It's all right.
I understand you're skeptical,
But you have to realize that God's will is all powerful, and nothing can change that.
And it is not as if there was a cosmic battle between good and evil, and that evil should necessarily triumph.
No, the reality is that this battle is more like a boxing fight. And during this fight, you have to imagine an excellent boxer who would hold the head of a bleak and defenseless man in his hands. And the bleak man would try to get rid of it by shaking his arms to have a chance to win the fight.
Well, it's exactly the same for God and Satan, and it's especially well explained in the Book of Revelation.
The wasteful man is incarnated by Satan, who shakes his arms like a forceful man and nevertheless succeeds in provoking the bone, thanks to the rage that dwells in him.
He knows he has little time in front of him, and he finally has nothing to lose.
Hey!
Cut the crap, man.
Whoa.
Why did you ruin my life?
Son of a bitch, come on!
Why?
Why what?
Why did you do that?
Why did you...?
Hey, man, you wouldn't do that.
Oh, yeah, you think?
Do you really think so?
You think I won't?
No.
No, you won't.
At first, I thought I was crazy.
I was thinking, it's not possible, it can't be true!
Is it in my head, or did I feel the presence of God through this strong light that suddenly appeared?
And I think it was this event that really pushed me to write this book, I had to talk about it.
Honestly, this event really changed my life and my perception of things.
After that, one does not necessarily have to believe that God is this superior force.
However, if we open the Bible, we can read that in the beginning God created heaven and earth.
Let me remind you that our standard is open from seven o'clock in the morning and that we are always happy to give you the floor if a subject makes you react.
We will now give the floor to Gérald de Detroit.
Hello, Gérald.
I...
I, I just wanted to say that I read a book that said that when you want to reach a spiritual truth, it happens in you through sounds.
And... happens in you in the form of sounds, and if you're going to change, actually.
And you... you're going to become a little bit like a fit of God.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, they say it starts with little things, it starts with small sounds, like small vibrations, or the sound of a bee or an electric buzz, and then it gets bigger.
Yeah, that's interesting.
And in fact, what they also say is that, all that happens to us in life, had to happen to us, it was planned, it was planned, and in fact, we have to come back and return to other lives until we paid for all our mistakes.
Well, thank you for your testimony.
We will now leave Cathy to speak. Cathy, we listen to you.
But first of all, I welcome you to the show "Voices of God".
